__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology executive profile performance-driven and accomplished director of information technology offering a unique combination of operations and management experience. strong leader with demonstrated success in managing and providing leadership in a diverse technological environment. creative dependable and enthusiastic change agent with a proven track record in improving efficiencies and reducing costs. visionary with superior long-term planning and project management experience. proven ability to implement standards and procedures that improve business processes and functionality. skilled coalition-builder with management practices that motivate and improve staff performance levels while forming a cohesive team. innovative and customer-oriented to formulate strategies to address service delivery demands and resource capacity. areas of expertise executive leadership/management information technology project management networking relationship building operations/administration skill highlights professional experience director of information technology 05/2000 to 01/2014 provides leadership in directing planning managing and implementing the information technology needs of the of greensboro. provided oversight and direction for the application services gis network services and public safety it divisions. establishes guidelines and programs for effective information technology management. facilitates and implements city-wide strategic policy for planning development and deployment of information technology. key achievements generated a savings of 400k per year with the implementation of voip
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary highly graphic designer summary highly creative and multi-talented graphic designer with more than 14 years in multi-media and graphic design. highlights corporate design advanced typography knowledge strong design sense conceptual thinker time management creative and artistic self-motivated professional social media marketing experience 01/2014 to 09/2015 graphic designer - create visual and print materials for a broad range of customers which includes business cards logos banners and mailers etc. work closely with clients from initial design to end product. work with multiple vendors in the print industry. have base knowledge of print press operations. 01/2011 to 09/2015 owner - graphic artist - manage and maintain a website and numerous social media sites. create 2d and 3d art works from concept to completion. develop design concepts using graphic design to complete 3d projects. organize and maintain inventory and shipping. coordinate and facilitate meetings with united states and international clients. 01/2006 to 01/2011 senior graphic designer - created print materials advertising and large event signage. developed design concepts for a team of designers and ensured quality and consistency of designs. worked closely with upper management on various branding and design projects. worked closely with federated s print shop and other local printing agencies. education
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development associate summary business development associate summary i appreciate your time i am a high performing and advanced sales professional of 10 years that can benefit your company. i know i would be a great asset to your and here are a few of my thoughts why i have 10 years of experience in sales and customer service both in the auto and the software industry. in both avenues i thrive to take on the consultant role to do what is best to serve the client and advance the that i work for in a solution based approach. i know that value of organization tracking my progress and making goals to grow by and identifying with the customer s needs and challenges. in my current role at thomson reuters as an inside technical sales representative i have sold almost 3 million in sales over the last 6 years and i have helped hundreds of accounting firms improve their technical process through knowledge of complex systems and software that is applied to the accounting tax industry. i believe in strong customer relationships and exceptional customer service. i have in depth experience working in the understanding of technology saas products technical presentations and implementation of
__label__SALES sales associate core strengths sales associate core strengths sales understanding multi-tasking ability organizational skills. customer- and service-oriented excellent communication skills listening skills reliable and punctual organized flexible schedule accomplishments customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays. organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store. verified that all customers received receipts for purchase. received and processed cash and credit payment for in-store purchases. described use of operation of merchandise to customers. maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. helped customers over the phone regarding our store policy and store hours helped customers over the phone regarding our store merchandise work experience 08/2015 to current sales associate maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments returns and exchanges. excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals. managed quality communication customer support and product representation for each client. served as the s only bilingual spanish/english customer service representative. assisted customers with store and product complaints. processed and issued money orders for customers. responsible for ringing up customers in a timely
__label__ENGINEERING engineering business unit leader engineering business unit leader summary i am seeking a position within a maintenance/engineering department. i have completed a bachelor of science degree in engineering technology with a concentration in computer engineering and a minor in computer science from middle tennessee university. i feel that i am a great candidate to be employed in technical role due my education and experience with arcelormittal and pepsico. course work for my degree included instrumentation controls and engineering economy which is beneficial for technical manufacturing positions overseeing capital spend. instrumentation controls class work show the design of electrical hydraulic and pneumatic systems and other associated equipment that work in relation to one another. engineering economy provided me with the concepts of oee supply chain and project cost effectiveness. i was able to use my education and gain experience with arcelormittal as an operations technician. as an operations technician i was responsible for the oee of automated weld cells. to ensure productivity i reviewed faults in plc programming fanuc robot programming or mechanically which required my problem solving abilities. i was required to understand cad drawings and wiring schematics to troubleshoot and install components on the line in which one has to have great analytical
__label__HEALTHCARE vice president-business banking sales vice president-business banking sales manager and healthcare specialty banker executive summary top notch financial professional with diverse banking and financial services background which includes retail bank leadership healthcare specialty banking corporate banking real estate title insurance real estate lending and new construction private banking and credit management-leasing. 25+ years experience. core qualifications leads teams naturally strong communicator-written and oral technical orientation strong accounting and credit underwriting skills builds teams with humility solid collaborator to drive execution of strategy well organized thought leadership drives engagement develops new business education 2017 mba franciscan university business and virtuos leadership dean s list. 3.9 gpa candidate late 2017 june 1984 b.a finance accounting/economics michigan university eli broad college of business finance accounting/economics dean s list december 2001 licensed real estate title insurance representative of michigan 1985 rma omega formal credit training 2010 medical group management association 100 hours of healthcare administration/practice management coursework in preparation for certified medical practice executive certificate. professional experience 12/2008 to current vice president-business banking sales manager and healthcare specialty banker current role sales manager for business banking/treasury team in detroit michigan retail banking territory of pittsburgh pa based fortune 500 regional bank. leadership role to guide mixed team of
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant professional summary it consultant professional summary self-motivated detail oriented senior computer/network technician with 20 years experience in oil and gas corporate network and service environments. windows server 2000 2003 2008 r2 cisco active directory administrator and network administrator with proven troubleshooting and problem resolution skills. independent worker and valued team contributor with excellent communication interpersonal and customer service skills. willing to relocate. core qualifications gis kingdom petra ms office 97-2013 citrix market data. mitel 3000 5000 cisco cme exchange 2010 networking active directory cisco lan/wan dhcp tcp/ip odbc vpn isilon accomplishments new horizons computer learning center houston texas. implementing microsoft windows 2000 professional server. implementing microsoft windows 2000 network infrastructure. administering microsoft sql 2000 server database. experience january 2014 to february 2016 technical anaylst network anaylst for t1 and vsat network. support of applications for pipeline technicians. cisco unified communicator manage cisco voip phones. work with datto acronis and symantec backup applications. managed licensing and flexlm for petra. supported user installation and maintenance of petra database. restoration of corrupted projects from sql database. managed all installation and configuration for network workstations and laptops. gas control and application management. managing applications on 2008r2 server for accounting and gas flow. active directory management creation
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary highly staff accountant summary highly analytical and detail-oriented professional possessing extensive financial statement background in quality assurance compliance auditing customer service and regulatory requirements. thorough knowledge of financial reporting cash and accrual basis accounting fund basis reporting gaap and other accounting standards. adapt quickly when new software and systems are installed. proficient with quickbooks mas adp condo manager adobe and all microsoft applications software. excel in problem solving and strategic planning skills. highlights dba quick books mas - sage software microsoft excel adp drive microsoft access condo manager microsoft word education bachelor of science accounting may 2010 university of north carolina accounting bachelor of science business administration finance may 2010 business administration finance experience staff accountant january 2014 to october 2014 performed all month end functions to produce financial statements. the functions include reconciliation of the operating and payroll bank accounts recorded sales for the month recorded payroll journals accrued payroll recorded sales tax submitted sales tax to nc department of revenue recorded inventory adjustments and recorded balance sheet month end entries. entered all payables and receivables for the 7 franchise locations. worked with vendors to resolve any situations that arose. reviewed and maintained that all needed franchise document were on
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development executive profile to apply over 22 years of experience as an exceptional director of business development to manage personnel and resources by utilizing financial and strategic analysis. to apply logistical support and budget analysis skills to enhance management. to enforce departmental policies goals procedures and objectives through communicating in writing and orally with subordinates and executive management. to apply years of leadership experience and vast amounts of financial responsibilities to maintaining a district s bottom-line. top secret skill highlights types 80 wpm microsoft word excel powerpoint sales force and outlook professional experience director of business development 07/2010 to 02/2015 plan direct and coordinate operational activities at the highest level of management with the help of subordinate executives and staff managers. excellent communications skills written and orally especially under pressure. ability to forecast future issues through ongoing strategic analysis. prospect for new sales and manage current and pending sales in the amount of over 1m. maintain relationships with client government sales management to ensure strategy and sales objectives are identified and plans developed for the sales year. ensure all relevant human resources and policies procedures are followed. establish and oversee the implementation departmental policies goals objectives and
__label__BANKING teradata senior associate consultant teradata senior associate consultant summary highly dependable teradata database engineer successful at troubleshooting and debugging. supportive and enthusiastic team player dedicated to streamlining processes and efficiently resolving project issues. highlights teradata bteq fast load pl/sql oracle basic unix autosys job scheduler using jil sql query writing sql performance tuning bteq accomplishments developed custom database designs which is used for strong and fast analytical report for wider audience across the organization. experience teradata senior associate consultant dec 2014 to current project description ios mobile application for business analytics reporting this project aims at developing an oracle and teradata layers for pushing the data to ios mobile application. responsibilities performed data analysis and gathered columns metadata of source systems for understanding requirement feasibility analysis. worked on optimizing and tuning the teradata and oracle views and sql s to improve the performance of batch and response time of data for users implement the code changes through change management tools. worked closely with business users to come up with detailed solution approach design documents. used teradata utilities like bteq to build teradata procedures. provided initial capacity and growth forecast in terms of space cpu for the applications by gathering the details of volumes expected
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary financial accountant accountant summary financial accountant specializing in financial planning reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. highlights account reconciliation expert general ledger accounting working on sap tool and hfm account payable specialist auditing expert in customer relations flexible team player compliance testing knowledge accomplishments achieved cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes. operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. extensive experience with financial statements audits reviews compilations and audits for governmental organizations a-133 . maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed.reduced the open invoice cycle time from days developing new dispute reporting procedures. experience performs routine accounting activities such as maintenance of the general ledger preparation of various accounting statements and financial reports and accounts payable or receivable functions. accounts receivable experience with focus in cash application and/or adjustments process day to day ap to include matching reviewing for proper approvals and g/l coding researching and entering invoices. hfm reporting including balance sheet profit and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY ea information technology specialist ea information technology specialist iii drupal dev summary drupal developer with five years of experience in site building and frontend and backend development. skills in theming as well. driven to provide excellent service and high-quality coding to create secure and functional sites for clients. expert in drupal and up to date on the latest developments and versions. managed several projects for the nysed redesign project using both drupal 7 and drupal 8 including full drupal deployment services. earned the respect and the trust from both the nysed its and program office managements. core qualifications superior proficiency in high-level drupal 7 and drupal 8 development excellent proficiency in using drupal ajax and jquery in web development exceptional knowledge of drupal prior versions and upgrades extensive expertise with versioning management systems strong ability to manage multiple concurrent projects high problem solving and analytical skills technical skills programming and scripting languages c++ java javascript php python ajax data-oriented languages and databases sql pl/sql oracle database dms ii pl/sql jdbc markup and stylesheet languages html html5 xhtml css and css3 methodologies uml design patterns ide oracle jdeveloper eclipse bluej jgrasp microsoft visual studio framework middleware drupal apache struts apache tomcat software applications ms office
__label__DESIGNER salon designer career overview salon designer career overview committed and motivated with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. energetic and reliable office manager skilled with working with a diverse group of people. team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to a growing in need of top-level support. self-motivated administrative professional with extensive experience overseeing office operations. professional experience salon designer december 2014 to june 2015 essential duties and responsibilities but not limited to perform hair style consultation in order to decide what services the client needs.provide services to clients such as shampooing cutting styling coloring and highlighting as desired.maintain safety standards and cleanliness.emphasize product benefits and assist clients in the selection of retail products or services for their hair care needs.maintain a consistent relationship with client base in order to ensure return clients.pro-actively develop new customers.attend and participate in continuing education and training in order to follow new trends and techniques.perform waxing services.thorough knowledge of hair styles hair care products and related procedures.physical mobility able to stand for prolonged periods of time.inventory stock and requisition new merchandise.open and close cash registers performing tasks such as counting money separating charge slips coupons and vouchers balancing cash
__label__ADVOCATE rn / asst. head rn / asst. head nurse practice leader skills care planning case management home health hospice infection control injections nurse manager oncology scheduling staff development trauma triage tutoring urology experience 09/2010 to 12/2011 hired as adon assistant director of nursing for an 85 to 90 bed long term care of mentally and physically disabled children from 2 years to upper 20 s with a few older individuals. my job there included staffing of all the nurses monthly setting up transportation for all outside md office visits of the residents monitoring the 3 nursing units of day to day care and documentation of the residents taking call as needed and twice a month being mod for the entire building i conducted in-services for the nursing staff and answered all pages during the day with questions or to oversee any critical changes of residents and helped with decisions to transfer out to a hospital after speaking with the md.helped with staff nursing as needed. secured a home health position at rescare located in oak park illinois in 2015. i made home visits overseeing clients overall health. did basic assessments and listened for any new complaints or change of status. would call clients doctor
__label__AVIATION aviation mechanic skills licensed aviation mechanic skills licensed faa rated airframe and powerplant a p technician yellow belt lean 6 sigma certified five years of experience in key aircraft systems and quality assurance processes trusted highly reliable aviation professional responsible for maintaining of the art aircraft performs scheduled and unscheduled maintenance trouble shooting major and minor repairs post flight inspections and record keeping management of large maintenance crews navigation of faa regulated publications troubleshooting proficiency with mechanical and pneumatic tools supply chain management mechanical aptitude military leadership experience job status reports knowledgeable of applicable local codes accomplishments n assistant phase coordinator 2015-2016 troubleshooting malfunctions aircraft structure drivetrain power plant fuel systems flight controls hydraulic systems vibration analysis maintains inspects and repairs aircraft structures and hydraulic systems and components. 4859.3 logged maintenance hours 1890.1 logged supervising hours collaborating with supervisors or higher-level technician on complex aircraft relevant tasks extensive troubleshooting cleaning disassembly and reassembly replacing or repairing discrepant components experience in supply chain transfer of memberships and professional affiliations faa licensed airframe powerplant mechanic lean 6 sigma yellow belt. experience aviation mechanic 06/2011 to current performing line maintenance functions under the supervision of the chief mechanic including post flight inspections routine servicing. performing troubleshooting functions
__label__APPAREL enrolled agent / tax enrolled agent / tax accountant / office manager executive profile dedicated professional with the accomplished ability to work independently and as a team member to successfully achieve project goals and objectives. skill highlights enrolled agent ea proficient in microsoft office valued team player account reconciliation expert quickbooks ultratax effective time management strong organizational skills advanced computer proficiency pc and mac va notary public microsoft office professional core accomplishments employee management liaised with hr department to establish employee benefits training payroll and termination procedures. accounting reviews conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate partnership llc s non-profit gift and fidicuary tax returns and quarterly estimates prepared by associates. professional experience enrolled agent / tax accountant / office manager may 2006 to may 2015 playing a main role in preparing tax resolution settlement actions for the firm reviewing office files to make sure that all the documentation provided are accurate analyzing the information to proceed with the tax resolution making negotiations before preparing final settlement documentation and amount prepares corporate individual partnership gift non-profit llc s and fiduciary tax returns managed accounts payable accounts receivable and payroll departments compliance officer/processing manager/hr manager january 2005 to may 2006 compliance files to
__label__ARTS business process analyst summary business process analyst summary business process analyst highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. directs projects that improve efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements. experience 03/2017 to current business process analyst design and implement internal audit practices to identify mitigate and resolve hr exposure. manage testing internal audit controls and tracking the status of gaps and corrective actions. maintain audit schedule and partner with hr risk manager and corporate internal auditors to ensure on-time completion of audits. provide objective risk-based evaluations of the effectiveness of policies and procedures. oversee annual reporting including aap eeo-1 and vets 100. prepare and present quarterly executive reports to the cpo. 10/2015 to 03/2017 people infrastructure operations coordinator acted as primary point of contact for all north american new hires. administered the applicant tracking system to update audit and maintain candidate data. managed the onboarding process for new hires in the north and latin america regions. created and sent offer packets to new hires. partnered with other members of the people team to ensure a smooth integration of new hires into the company. worked with hris and payroll teams to create new hire accounts. supported talent acquisition team projects on
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer personal information graphic designer personal information date of birth may 13th 1999 present resident in triangle va and soon montclair va. objective to obtain a job that challenges me to use my acquired skills in the food industry. education high school diploma graphics/it 2017 forest park high school united states coursework in graphic design coursework in ap classes aiming for an advanced diploma taking language and advanced placement classes 3.5 gpa summary hello i am phat le or danny a high school student in forest park studying to become a graphic designer/photographer. i am currently searching for a part-time job where i can apply my education and volunteering experience to a job in fast food industry. areas of proficiency include graphics and photography. in these courses i have learned to see whether or not something appeals to the average eye and to create aesthetically pleasing images and creations. i have also developed many more skills in these classes such as creativity being flexible with work being productive and proficient. i am able to bring knowledge to what appeals to customer with strong backgrounds to show in these courses. for communications i am trilingual being able to speak english spanish and vietnamese. i
__label__CHEF assistant chef professional summary assistant chef professional summary i am seeking a competitive and challenging environment where i can serve your organization and establish a career for myself. i want to excel in this field with hard work perseverance and dedication. education and training bachelor s degree healthcare administration jan 2016 new england college gpa graduated magna cum laude healthcare administration graduated magna cum laude associate s degree culinary arts sep 2005 art institute of washington culinary arts skill highlights personal and professional integrity relationship and team building proven patience and self-discipline effectively influences others professional experience assistant chef 01/2012 to 06/2014 led and trained workers of 4 in food preparation service sanitation and safety procedures. resolved customer complaints regarding food service. purchased or requisitioned supplies and equipment needed to ensure quality and timely delivery of services. observed and evaluated workers and work procedures to ensure quality standards and service and complete disciplinary write-ups. specify food portions and courses production and time sequences and workstation and equipment arrangements. inspect supplies equipment and work areas to ensure efficient service and conformance to standards. assigned duties responsibilities and work stations to 4 employees in accordance with work requirements. conducted meetings and collaborated with other personnel to
__label__ADVOCATE overnight pharmacy technician professional overnight pharmacy technician professional summary highly motivated and skilled individual with extensive background experience in customer service administration retail long-term care and hospital pharmacy. studied intro to pharmacy anatomy physiology medical terminology pharmacology pharmaceutical calculations. trained in the principles of pharmacy math and dosages with knowledge of unit dose and medication preparation. computer proficiency in ms word excel access and powerpoint. education and training rasmussen college december 2013 associate of applied science pharmacy gpa gpa 3.58 dean s list awardee 4 consecutive quarters. two-year pharmacy technician program which included both pharmacy based and general education courses. gpa 3.58 dean s list awardee 4 consecutive quarters. skills trained in compounding all intravenous and chemotherapy admixtures. extensive training in calculating and compounding pediatric admixtures and chemotherapy. skilled in taking on multiple tasks in a fast paced environment. knowledge of the processes involved in maintaining a sterile environment for compounding ivs. licenses certified and licensed pharmacy technician by the of illinois skill highlights strong decision-making ability efficient and accurate strong clinical background accomplished in pediatrics hospital and retail pharmacy professional inventory management medication compounding expert pharmaceutical storage awareness hipaa trained exceptional patient care and interaction meticulous attention to detail excellent multi-tasker works well
__label__CONSULTANT business consultant professional summary business consultant professional summary it business/sales/operations position where my experience and technical knowledge can contribute and positively impact strategic improvements. drive and support change for process improvement implement technology solutions in fast paced evolving environments. i enjoy interacting with people to solve problems creatively and appreciate working in a diverse environment. technology / operations 10+ years working in technical and operations environments supporting engineering human resources operations and finance teams. procure hardware and software provide quotes detailed reporting utilizing an access and crm/salesforce databases. manage projects timelines and teams to improve quality of methods and presentations to key stakeholders. it helpdesk response team - build client and server systems to business specifications install os applications based on department needs utilize active directory to provide updated information to management deploy hardware software troubleshoot and resolve issues on notebooks desktop and servers. supporting microsoft mac os android and iphones. mcse and currently enrolled in apple training. track and analyze technical training developed curriculum procured software and implemented courses for engineers and management. prioritized organizational needs attention to detail within project timelines to exceed business requirements for technical training certifications. microsoft office expert support strategic initiatives by maintaining servers and systems on site
__label__HEALTHCARE recruiter tax exempt markets recruiter tax exempt markets professional summary experienced recruitment professional driven by a passion for uncovering top talent seeking to join a forward-thinking organization in a challenging dynamic leadership role. core qualifications cold calling passive sourcing full cycle recruitment project management relationship managment crm and ats systems budget planning and management team management implementation of new ideas/service salary/pay negotiation experience january 2015 to current recruiter tax exempt markets launched and implemented innovative and efficient recruitment efforts for fortune 500 financial services firm within niche market segment successfully managing relationships with 26 rvps and 4 svps. spearheaded new recruitment efforts within our retirement advisory distribution channel becoming 1st dedicated recruiting partner increased new licensed financial advisor hires from 31 in 2014 to 75 in 2015 hitting 116 of goal efficiently manage a minimal recruiting budget averaging a cost per hire of 320 in 2015 effectively maintain positive relationships with each divisional rvp managing expectations on their hiring needs and forecasting for future opportunities implement new recruitment tools resources and tracking systems in order to uncover passive and active candidates member of retirement advisory distribution senior leadership huddles offering recruitment strategies and territories of opportunity to executive leaders may 2011 to january 2015
__label__FITNESS server professional summary ambitious server professional summary ambitious student looking for an opportunity to use my knowledge and experience to learn about the mental health field. skill highlights superior communication skills solution-focused counseling exceptional problem solver positive attitude professional experience server 01/2017 to current spoke with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service displayed enthusiasm and knowledge about the restaurant s menu and products. communicated with other kitchen team members to ensure food was prepared on time and correctly. server 08/2016 to 12/2016 provided friendly and attentive service and exceptional hospitality. set dining tables according to type of event and service standards. consistently offered professional friendly and engaging service. stocked service stations with items such as ice napkins and straws. front desk 01/2014 to 05/2015 promoted club programs products and services to participants trained all new sales employees on effective techniques. listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice. corrected dangerous movements and suggested alternate exercises. education and training high school diploma 2012 jackson liberty high school associate of science psychology university of south florida psychology associate of science psychology temple university psychology
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern summary to engineering intern summary to contribute my skills and experience to the further the development of an organization and achieve growth in my professional career path. education and training bachelor of science civil engineering 2017 san diego university professional project manager bootcamp 2008 pmp institute nitc plumbing/pipe fitting journeyman license 2004 local 525 plumbing apprenticeship hall associate of science airframe power plant 2002 vincennes university/purdue university atc experience engineering intern 09/2015 to current performs complex engineering designs for the preparation of preliminary and final engineering plans. aids in creating specifications and cost estimates for the construction and/or improvement of storm drains streets sanitary sewers and related structures. preforms engineering calculations for hydrology/hydraulic structures land surveys and highway and street alignments. prepares legal descriptions and grant deeds for easements and street right-of-way participated in right-of-way negotiations and acquisitions investigated and checked tentative and final subdivision maps for accuracy design completeness and conformance to the local sub-division ordinance and the of subdivision map act. helps in the design and coordinate in the construction of improvement projects reviewed improvement and grading plans for composition and accuracy provided written and oral information to the public contractors developers and other engineers on related issues. attends meetings
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare executive profile cynthia healthcare executive profile cynthia was also an instructor for the cap gemini ernst young global regulatory compliance boot camp where members of the cge y regulatory compliance team are immersed in global regulatory compliance good manufacturing practices good clinical practices good laboratory practices cge y validation tools and methodology. working with the international workforce of cge y cynthia was required to be flexible sensitive and creative in her methods of teaching cynthia s nursing career focus was in pain management emergency nursing legal nurse consulting and life care planning. she has traveled extensively throughout the u. s. and worldwide as a health care and life sciences consultant for g major consulting cap gemini ernst young accenture and ness technologies. while working in clinical nursing cynthia worked in acute home care and long term care arenas. as a case manager and life care planner cynthia was an adjunct instructor for the university of florida rehabilitation training institute and authored and taught life care planning and aging in the catastrophically injured. as a project manager for several global regulatory compliance/life sciences teams glidewell has a strong background in communication skills. her ability to work with people from various ethnic cultural and educational
__label__BANKING operations manager summary experienced operations manager summary experienced client service professional accustomed to managing teams functioning in a fast-paced environment in support of multiple products across various business units. solid background in building strong and effective teams highlights kyc anti money laundering and legal documentations excellent organizational and time management skills strong interpersonal and communication skills at all levels microsoft office excel word powerpoint sharepoint and project employee relations hiring terminations performance management development sec licenses series 6 and 63 expired. willing to retake. proficiency in adobe products photoshop lightroom illustrator spanish fluency oral and written experience 02/2010 to 08/2014 operations manager managed a team of four client service officers responsible for day-to-day operations and onboarding process. directed and supervised the daily activities of the teams with primary focus in enhancing the client s experience mitigating risk and identifying areas of improvement. performed quality assurance reviews and approved due diligence reviews completed by the staff. collaborated and managed assigned projects with cross-functional teams and departments including data and document collection and review technology sales and other client services groups across the firm. coordinated with front office credit compliance aml compliance and global client onboarding teams to understand client/deal structure and agree requirements/responsibilities. participated in
__label__BANKING general business management summary general business management summary resume kristy bishop entrepreneurial indirect sales executive passionate about building productive relationships with clients partners and team members. new customer acquisition expert who emphasizes mix of online and in person marketing strategies. highlights new customer acquisition account management prospecting results-oriented knowledge of market trends proficiency in finding areas of opportunity client-focused brand development accomplishments conceptualized and launched the full service neighborhood bank marketing campaign which led to a 70 increase in bank deposits customer service both internal and external compliance hr sales marketing training sql valuing diversity training conflict resolution team building mentoring training best practices received several awards for top performer and letters of recognition and recommendation promoted from relationship banker i to relationship banker ii as well as one of 5 regional bankers in my position assigned to train and mentor new employees after 12 months of employment. was also given a written offer to become regional merchant service representative as i personally was considered responsible for creating the need for position this was offered to me after about 14 months which at the time was unprecedented. initialized a grass root marketing campaign to promote brand recognition as well as gather more household relationships
__label__FITNESS program manager/business analyst summary program manager/business analyst summary highly enthusiastic self-motivated program manager/business analyst with experience in military and corporate working environments dedicated to maximizing assets through process improvement methods and constant innovation. core qualifications former member of the united states air force served 8 years excellent time management teaching inspiring and counseling experience working special military computer programs reliable and dependable very personable and team player outstanding motivator achievements material development created continuity system for new program managers to create an continuous uninterrupted work environment process improvement developed flawless deployment system that resulted in personnel and equipment deployment with zero discrepancies over a 5 yr period. research performed research and analysis for air force level project manager training delivered training and implemented new system in tracking completion . completed training on-time and under-budget. professional experience program manager/business analyst may 2010 to october 2014 - served as program manager/program analyst for all deployment related activities for an operation of over 300 employees. responsible for managing the alignment of personnel to specific unit type codes utc and associated air expeditionary force aef rotations. adviser for significant problem areas and provided guidance to resolve personnel equipment and training problems. compiled and extracted data from reports for
__label__ADVOCATE manager digital marketing and manager digital marketing and communications objective obtain the health analytic consultant position at unitedhealthcare to further my professional career by continuing to utilize and expand my analytic organizational and interpersonal skills. skills more than 19 years experience in healthcare business development marketing and planning analysis. develop and manage website for advocate physician partners regarding their managed care and clinical integration for population health management programs. mined data to provide qualitative and quantitative analysis to key stakeholders including executive team regarding business initiatives. implement innovative solutions to manage and improve patient health. strategies include incorporating wearable apps in patient portal telehealth appointments and online scheduling for immediate care. extensive knowledge skills and experience with technical databases and software such as content management systems html code google analytics google adwords and microsoft office excel outlook powerpoint sharepoint and word. professional experience manager digital marketing and communications aug 2014 to current project manager of advocate s new physician profiles. 51 increase in new patient appointments producing downstream revenue of 32m based on 1 250/patient . 1.3m physician profile views and 46 increase in total calls yoy. launched site in 3 months. implemented a benchmark assessment that reviewed and evaluated integrated healthcare systems nationwide.
__label__HR summary chicago hr generalist summary chicago hr generalist offering recruitment attendance management system payroll processing mis employee engagement processing employee master data. highly driven to achieve goals. highlights microsoft office specifically word excel powerpoint and outlook use of google search yahoo search and linkedin search effectively for lateral hiring and highly flexible. experience 05/2014 to 04/2016 01/2012 to 03/2014 hr executive - selection ratio. updating creating job descriptions as and when required. coordination with hiring managers capturing hr/ fte requirements. job postings on various job portals. developed a system called mint for tracking recruitment work flow incorporating various selection and offer making policies. worked under highly fast spaced environment responsible for sourcing candidate s profiles from job portals social media employment agency employee referrals screening profiles conducting hr interview round. scheduling interview rounds with technical interview panelist s. processing interview-assessment sheets tracking applicant s interview status collecting required number of documents of a selected candidate. job offer preparation getting it approved by business excellence head. offer letter sharing and explaining it to the selected candidate as various salary components. successful offer negotiations. post offer acceptance arranging for their medical check-up contractual/ probation gathering feedback from medical check-up team. in case fit preparing sharing appointment
__label__HR hr manager/generalist summary background hr manager/generalist summary background of progressively responsible human resources experience in union and non-union iso and fda regulated manufacturing environments knowledge of and federal employment laws ability to work effectively with all levels of employees and management maintaining integrity professionalism and confidentiality ability to develop positive working relationships with tpas benefit service providers recruiting firms and vendors proficient in excel word powerpoint experience with ceridian hris paychex and adp payroll systems experience hr manager/generalist 02/2012 to current responsible for day to day hr functions for leading manufacturer of cryogenic reciprocating and centrifugal pumps and turbo-expanders with approximately 200 employees preparation of weekly payroll for submission to corporate payroll department implement successful recruiting efforts to support growth in engineering and operations departments new hire orientation tracking and monitoring of temporary and contract to hire labor prepare and manage personnel transactions such as new hires terminations etc. provide assistance to management in handling employee relations issues conduct wage surveys to determine competitive wage rates for recruiting write and update job descriptions update and maintain org charts monthly management reporting on hr metrics active member of safety committee implementing safety programs and facilitating training wellness program coordinator. hr manager 07/2008 to 02/2012 responsible
__label__HR hr clerk summary i hr clerk summary i am an ethical team oriented and policy driven individual with experience in ap/ar human resource administration auditing documentation experience property management 96 units and a vast number of computer skills. highlights accounts receivable professional expert in customer relations proficient in sap strong communication skills erp enterprise resource planning software strong organizational skills large cash/check deposits expert customer service expert invoice processing telecommunication skills active listening skills energetic work attitude courteous demeanor accomplishments research investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues. multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. scheduling facilitated onboarding of new employees by scheduling training answering questions and processing paperwork. multiple awards for performance. computed data reports provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. customer service researched calmed
__label__DESIGNER production designer summary specializing production designer summary specializing in art department i have had many different opportunities as well as many different positions. i love working with a team and collaborating though i can work alone and am happy to do what is asked. i am not concerned with receiving a position of power i listen to instructions very intently. however if the situation called for it i can easily give instruction in a polite and respectful manner. i am also very skilled with almost all power tools safety laws and am a skilled teacher if the occasion calls for it. though i enjoy the work in art department i am capable of filling any position if need be. i am very passionate about film and the entertainment industry and will always be willing to help in any way i can. highlights work well with others and under pressure. quick learner and yearns to excel. keeps busy and takes initiative with things within my department. i am a great delegator when it comes to leading a team however i am also very good at following instructions and the chain of command. sketching and hand drafting. proficient in ms word powerpoint. experienced in photoshop aftereffects
__label__ENGINEERING mechanical design engineering intern mechanical design engineering intern summary to secure a full time combustion engineer position applying strong fundamentals for application research and development in the areas of combustion and fluids and thermal sciences and other allied mechanical engineering related functions highlights autocad mechanical pro/engineer pro/e matlab ptc creo revit autodesk inventor gd t solidworks microstation ansys mechanical and microsoft office word excel powerpoint project tools experience mechanical design engineering intern 05/2014 to 08/2014 familiarized with utilized asme engineering design drafting documentation standards provided support to the engineering team in developing conceptual layout drawings and performed various engineering studies to obtain the simplest and the most efficient engineering solution for pressure vessel design and piping design and specification developed drawings schematics and p id s using autocad mechanical and microstation according to ansi document control management system for electronic as well as hard copy documents - coordinated the organizing scanning retrieval and distribution of engineering documents for project managers. manufacturing engineering intern 08/2012 to 05/2013 designed and successfully operated a compact inserts drying machine researched past techniques used for drying of inserts to identify the flaws and consolidated ideas in a team of three people on how to eliminate theses flaws designed a
__label__TEACHER teacher summary obtain a teacher summary obtain a position working in customer service where i can utilize my friendly and outgoing attitude. i m very a nalytical and adept at resolving complex network issues. critical thinker who addresses customer support issues quickly and who consistently exceeds performance standards. skills excellent analytical skills strong verbal communication computer proficient microsoft powerpoint microsoft word issue resolution attention to detail excellent written and verbal communication skillsexperience in a high volume high stress work environment productivefluent in english and twi energetic and organized accomplishments top representative in department with customer satisfaction surpassing 80 . received award for customer service recognition and ability to work well with the other team members. experience teacher jan 2016 to mar 2016 educate children take care of children maintain a healthy learning environment. nursing aide aug 2015 to jan 2016 provide basic care for patient accompany patient when leaving facility maintain healthy living environment. front desk receptionist jun 2015 to sep 2015 answer phones transferring support referred difficult issues to upper management while maintaining positive rapport with customer. customers with online billing and account issues. calls book appointments enroll clients. cook apr 2013 to aug 2014 train new employees take orders pass orders out
__label__AVIATION aviation supply specialist summary aviation supply specialist summary military professional with 11 years experience in team management administrative accountability and supply management. effectively managed more than 300 million in personal and procurable equipment. a value asset to the aviation supply department i was able to perform in many areas of logistical support ranging from safety of equipment and personnel to proper shipping and handling of material. several characteristics and traits are developed while serving on active duty. responsibility accountability trust judgment and leadership just to a few. growing and advancing in the ranks of a marine it takes a great deal of pride honor courage and commitment. my experience has allowed me many great opportunities to develop and enhance these traits and over time some of these traits become a requirement. thats when the accountability and leadership skills begin to take over. as a leader of marines i took charge of my subordinates supervising the functionality of proper and professional warehouse management and customer service. highlights effective team leader supply and logistics planning data management extremely organized six sigma inventory specialist hazmat handling trained in emergency response cpr certified secret security clearance valid ca driver license accomplishments global war on terrorism service medal global
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction bookkeeper summary accounting construction bookkeeper summary accounting professional offering 13 years experience in bookkeeping and an effective analytical approach to identifying and solving complex problems. highlights intuit quickbooks specialist general ledger accounting skills ethical approach to finance strong communication skills complex problem solving accounting operations professional fiscal budgeting knowledge managerial aptitude manufacturing and job costing experience proficient in outlook excel word broad knowledge of office equipment excellent computer skills web savvy benefits and 401 k administration hr experience pa notary public accomplishments increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new excel financial recording system. increased profit by working with vendors to reduce cost of goods established new credit criteria for new accounts. customize reports for individual businesses track expenses and accounts receivable reduce paper clutter organize files successfully worked through accounting system change over. trained staff on quickbooks implemented on line services to improve efficiency experience construction bookkeeper 09/2016 to 12/2016 completed a temporary roll for a construction located in southern new jersey. in this roll i cleaned up and organized the data that was and was not entered into quickbooks worked with builder trend to map information correctly in to quickbooks. entered all vendor bills and expenses and invoices into
__label__FINANCE vp finance is t vp finance is t executive profile enterprising finance executive who creates strategic alliances with senior executives to identify and execute key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by enlisting developing and motivating skilled professionals. extensive experience in financial management and controllership areas. adept in both business process and systems to allow for utilizing technology to achieve business goals. skill highlights project management leadership/communication skills product development business operations organization budgeting expertise self-motivated core accomplishments developed the cfo advisory service s quality close product and presented at kpmg quality close training sessions. assisted in the authoring of white papers on the topic of the financial close and the changing economic environment brought on by sarbanes-oxley legislation. proficient in sox 404 policies and compliance requirements affiliations god s love we deliver argyle executive forum finance executives international. professional experience vp finance is t january 2012 to current created the business case and system design currently the project manager for a worldwide single instance sap erp implementation project 13 largest revenue producing countries over 3 years. eleven countries are live across europe usa and canada going live april 1 2015. project will result in 4m per year in savings. nine additional
__label__CONSULTANT consultant to owner education consultant to owner education florida international university 1984 bachelors degree hospitality management executive experience hotel restaurant marina president may 1979 to october 2010 skills banquet catering director put together the menus for different family functions business meetings luncheon s and special functions. planned and developed our breakfast lunch and dinner menus which we utilized for daily operations. baked and cooked all of our menu items on a regular basis and rotating schedule as needed to fill gaps in the schedule. instituted a program for the operation and maintenance of all equipment used in daily production of food and beverages. implemented an employee incentive program to improve the quality and timely service of all customers on and off premises. ensured timely deliveries of lunches and platters for off premise catering and managed vehicle sanitation and safety for drivers and other personnel. general manager responsible for overseeing scheduling and training of 35 to 40 part and full time employees that made up the marina motel and restaurant operations. always maintained the highest degree of customer service to customers and ensure that all employees are following these most basic and very important standards. ensure that we had adequate staff members and supervisors for
__label__FITNESS social media producer objective social media producer objective expand my career in television broadcasting and/or the lm industry. professional experience social media producer nov 2016 to current produce content for instagram and facebook set clear content objectives videographer and photographer film edit and upload to social media sites. photographer videographer editor feb 2016 to current shoots still photography for individual hire for weddings fitness shoots headshots family portraits real estate etc. camera operator for weddings short films short documentaries youtube vlogs etc. edit shoots both photography and video using adobe or avid producing quality work for individual use. club coordinator may 2007 to nov 2016 billing member updates data entry reports excel sheets microsoft outlook payroll aphelion money movers paychex quick books. collect bank account information credit card information as well as cash for memberships and re- occurring payments. multitask regularly answering phone calls while working with members and staff. greet customers with a smile and implement a friendly culture. supervise direct and encouraged other team members to stay on top of task. education bachelor of arts television film and media studies june 2016 california university of los angeles associates of arts degree 2009 riverside community college certifications avide media composer certified skills extremely
__label__AVIATION assistant to managing director assistant to managing director professional profile natalia garcia versatile and solutions-driven professional with outstanding strategic planning business management professional motivated and multifaceted candidate. eager to contribute strong sales management general business administration crm hr operations planning coordination and monitoring skills. proficient at identifying cost-effective strategies to promote significant savings. effectively define develop and implement action plans and policies to maximize productivity and efficiency. experience assistant to managing director december 2013 to april 2014 offered dedicated support to the managing director as to other executives when required conducting research issuing all corporate presentations arranging meetings appointments and travel accommodations improving overall quality and efficiency. filtered managing director phone calls managed his agenda and prepared correspondence as required. communicated regularly with vendors and contractors scheduling meetings and addressing concerns. prepared the general requisition purchase order for stationary and organized the filing system in a timely manner. prepared reports conducted reconciliations and resolved discrepancies. excelled balancing staff and director s needs. key accomplishments overhauled and solved an accumulated discrepancy on a series of vendor invoices and succeeded on the reconciliation. carrying out background research and presenting successful findings producing documents briefing papers reports and weekly and monthly presentations notably organized and arranged meetings
__label__FITNESS intern highlights microsoft word intern highlights microsoft word powerpoint and excel. social media twitter facebook and instagram experience january 2016 to may 2016 intern create and implement strength and conditioning workouts for spring season. monitor weight lifting form and technique. provide feedback and apply knowledge to strength training and conditioning programs. organize and prepare equipment daily for strength and conditioning programs. august 2015 to december 2015 fitness intern exposed to daily routine of fitness specialist and client interaction conducted one-on-one orientation for new members and instructed in the proper use of equipment assisted with revising programs offered to incorporate updated topics created bulletin boards for member-of-the-month provided complimentary body measurements maintained facility and equipment according to health and safety standards. august 2013 to may 2016 student assistant utilize front rush website to enter football and lacrosse recruit and roster information. organize and coordinate football recruiting events during the fall including giving tours. provide office support for football and lacrosse coaches. restock office and break room supplies. may 2013 to december 2015 individually standardized jelly and ice cream topping batches checked ph temperature and consistency . trained in operation and safety of a stand up and sit down forklift. consistently met quotas when packed jelly
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology summary i am a solutions-oriented professional with solid experience in various it environments. leadership motivating and managing and a robust team of internal and remote staff members establishing and maintaining effective partnerships through collaboration and information technology in support of the organization. managing the day-to-day responsibilities of a 24x7x 365 it organization prudently. managing a large it environment with 10 000 saas. assigning clear authority and holding others accountable for goal achievement. skills communication collaborating with clients and fostering a positive business relationship to meet all levels of it service demands technical r d and operations and maintenance clearly discussing and conveying information technology concepts and terminology with both technical and non-technical staff at all levels within and outside the department producing clear and concise written documents emails project status reports and briefs communicating effectively with various levels of the organization expertise making strategic judgments and evaluating the impact cloud environments design implementation network design implementation voip cyber security nist hitrust/hipaa project management technical support management budget management developing and responding to request for proposals current with emerging technologies experience director of information technology sep 2005 to current at adsystech i am one of three employees
__label__APPAREL product photographer summary enthusiastic product photographer summary enthusiastic photographer committed to delivering promised results and remaining true to a unique artistic vision. highlights proficiency in photography results-oriented adobe photoshop capture one proactive approach to problem solving excellent workflow management lighting expert freelance work second/associate photographer assistant intern post possessor weddings mitzvahs portraits barrie anne photography philadelphia pa jeremy messler photography - cherry hill nj c c studios chalfont pa commercial jobs onestop.com for the frye barney s new york and too fast apparel www.toofastonline.com experience product photographer june 2014 to current collaborated successfully with a variety of personalities and work styles. photograph product for web store. retail store and support the live show. photographer may 2013 to march 2014 e-commerce photographer. photograph product for web store. retail and whole sale websites. skin retouching background removal special effects color correcting batch editing. photograph editorials. catalogs look books and banners. scheduled models for shoots photographer october 2012 to may 2013 editorial and product photographr. e-commerce and print. cropped manipulated and performed color-balance for final images. education associate of science photography 2012 antonelli institute of art and photography excelled in course work related to fashion photography and portraiture high school diploma 2009 north penn high school skills
__label__CHEF executive chef summary executive executive chef summary executive chef and certified chef for more than 8 years. expertly trained in classic french cuisine at le cordon bleu and specializes in caribbean mediterranean indian central american cuisine. currently looking t o obtain a position in the hospitality field that provides opportunities for continued growth and development and to utilize my current knowledge and skills to continuously improve operational quality and efficiency. highlights servsafe certified high volume production capability focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity sous vide technique strategic organizational skills attention to detail dependable accomplishments received core 4 award received cfe award number one account for monthly retention meetings fmpp cc experience 02/2014 to current executive chef acting manager of staff of 50+ employees continuously improving the menus for seasonal sustainable and local products available purchasing/ managing inventory for daily menus produce special catering and monthly promotions training staff and overseeing kitchen utility and food service workers maintain a budget of 2.5m food cost of 32 plate cost of 2.32 responsible for special functions from 10-2000 plus responsible for boh/foh supervisors sous chef unit manager admin responsible for supplying food to 940 students 2000 meals 24 hours a day implemented and supported
__label__HR hr clerk summary translates hr clerk summary translates business vision into hr initiatives that improsummary highly motivated and a dynamic human resources professional with diverse credentials seeking a position with a growing organization to make a positive impact on policies and experience career growth. accomplished human resources and administrative professional with over 3 years experience. attentive to detail able to take initiative prioritize multiple tasks and manage workload. resourceful team player with a can-do attitude. results-driven with strong communication analytical and interpersonal skills while maintain the utmost confidentiality. highlights compensation knowledge ms office suite ar/ap proficiency oracle knowledge great communication skills great analytical skills new hire training filing records management spreadsheets/reports office management customer service quickbooks peachtree new hire paperwork experience 03/2016 to current sourced recruited for call center to all departments throughout the company. responsible for finding the right candidates and matching them to temporary or permanent job placement for the company. maintaining computer system by updating and entering data in brassring an responsible for complete on boarding and exit interview paperwork. compiling reports and spreadsheets in order to keep track of drug test and background checks that are completed for on-boarding process. complete initial phone interviews to evaluate applicants qualifications. scheduling job
__label__SALES sales associate summary reliable sales associate summary reliable and punctual sales associate who possesses an excellent work ethic and more than fifteen years in retail. areas of expertise include inventory cash management and exceptional customer service. personable customer service associate dedicated to providing the highest level of customer service. outgoing and efficient with the capacity to multi-task. high-achieving sales associate offering an extensive background in customer service sales client relations and merchandising. self-directed and self-motivated team player who also works well independently. accomplishments consistently exceeded daily sales targets with an average of 1200 in sales each day. routinely helped as many as 200 customers each day in a high-volume retail outlet. received 5 exceeds expectations ratings on performance reviews. skills cash handling accuracy strong communication skills organized superb sales professional time management flexible schedule detail-oriented excellent multi-tasker business administration cash handling strong communication skills customer satisfaction customer service detail-oriented direction fashion fast leadership listening market neat organizational psychology purchasing quality retail sales phone time management experience sales associate 08/2018 to 03/2019 consulted with long-term new and prospective customers to understand needs and propose ideal merchandise. accurately prepared cash deposits up to 6000 with zero discrepancies. assisted in managing day-to-day business operations including selling various
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development coordinator/event coordinator business development coordinator/event coordinator summary dynamic and creative business development coordinator with a successful career in marketing promotions public relations project and communications management. highlights event management negotiation skills customer targeting polyglot social networking online marketing strategies teamwork problem solver skills responsible and reliable highly motivated for career advancement able to deal in a mature manner with problem solving willing to learn and accept constructive criticism willing to help good attitude around others calm and focused good knowledge of social media able to use own initiative and work as part of a team excellent communication and organizational skills versed in all aspects of marketing campaigns from concept development to execution and launch skilled marketing professional focused on exceeding revenue goals builder of strategic partnership new customer acquisition expert who emphasizes a mix online and offline marketing strategies. experience november 2013 to current business development coordinator/event coordinator identify customer care needs.networking during events and established good and strong relations in particular with the main businessassociations and companies of the city.screen potential business deals by coordinating requirements developing and negotiating contracts integratingcontract requirement with business operations.co-develop and implement strategic marketing.identify specific opportunities to direct marketing efforts toward particular based practices areas and
__label__TEACHER history teacher professional summary history teacher professional summary to be employed as an administrative assistant or similar role where my interpersonal communication time management problem resolution and organizational skills will benefit the company. technically-adept job title with advanced knowledge of ms office suite and experience creating excel databases and powerpoint presentations. quality-focused job title committed to approaching administrative tasks with tenacity and attention to detail. experienced office manager with a strength in managing multiple projects simultaneously and fostering a cohesive staff. skills number wpm typing speed professional phone etiquette excellent communication skills database management articulate and well-spoken customer service-oriented works well under pressure human resource laws knowledge appointment setting team building accounting familiarity payroll invoice processing conference planning flexible accurate and detailed excellent planner and coordinator work history history teacher 08/2004 to 06/2005 instructed more than number middle school students through lectures discussions group activities and demonstrations. prepared daily lesson plans for activities. planned and supervised class projects field trips and visits by guest speakers. established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls agenda book notes email correspondence and newsletters. integrated technology into the classroom as an instructional tool. communicated objectives for all lessons units and projects to students and their
__label__HEALTHCARE senior analyst - business senior analyst - business intelligence and analytics - healthcare summary my 9 years of experience working in retail analytics and reporting have given me a strong understanding of both business objectives and technical capabilities. i have worked on data visualization data analysis analytical reporting retail reporting retail forecasting retail inventory management and retail product management as well as capabilities consulting on broader initiatives. the knowledge i have developed through this work and my strengths in problem solving critical thinking and effective communication allow me to develop creative solutions to complicated problems and clearly communicate with both development teams and end users. highlights collaborative worker creative problem solver critical thinker mentor and leader requirements gathering user acceptance testing experience senior analyst - business intelligence and analytics - healthcare 05/2013 to current prioritize and scope a large portion over 40 of the new analytics requests coming through our team by engaging the clients on prioritization and keeping them updated through regular communications led a cross functional team to review the repeatable reports being delivered to our clients resulting in a 22 reduction in the number of reports our team created on a regular basis gathered business requirements and created use cases to
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary reliable customer accountant summary reliable customer service representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account management environments. personable and responsible cashier with 2 years in retail and customer service. solid team player with upbeat positive attitude. results-driven with proven ability to establish rapport with clients. highlights strong organizational skills active listening skills sharp problem solver energetic work attitude resourceful dedicated team player account management results-oriented self-directed time management strong problem solver strong interpersonal skills accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. quality communication interacted with 50+ affiliate stations in us and puerto rico ensuring reliable and high-speed delivery to residential and small-business customers. computed data reports provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. product sales cross-sold services at a rate of 30 upgrading customers to different plans and product packages. market research interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations manager highlights public relations manager highlights microsoft word microsoft excel microsoft outlook microsoft powerpoint adobe photoshop adobe illustrator wordpress salesforce mailchimp and basecamp. experience 08/2014 to current public relations manager brother grand is a california based duo that blends psychedelic-folk rock with a twist of film-score soul. manage media relations with local and national press create press releases invite and host press to events. create marketing materials such as press one-sheet social network flyers and monthly newsletter. run national tour campaign includes booking social network promotion and media outreach. team giselle. 10/2010 to current marketing director team giselle consists of a large group of giselle ayala s friends who have banded together to help in her battle with cancer. the team raises funds through a variety of events all put together by volunteers. create and execute marketing plan for annual series of fundraising events cancer benefits . manage marketing sites such as resident advisor nitevibe sf gate sf station facebook gofundme.com 32auctions.com etc. project lead for fundraising events - run weekly meetings manage staff serve as onsite coordinator and drive all projects to completion. develop talent lineup bands and djs manage all sound logistics and work with venue management. creative and content
__label__FITNESS personal trainer group fitness personal trainer group fitness instructor summary veteran air force intelligence officer experienced in analyzing threats and managing projects such as security threat mitigation and training. excellent communication skills built from presenting critical information to high level officers and government civilians on a daily basis. experience working with international partners for combine regional security initiatives. trained and experienced strategic and tactical planner for joint and combined military contingency exercises. health and fitness professional of eight years and strong motivator of groups to improve health and wellness through self-regulation principles. highlights top secret/ secrete compartmentalized information clearance project management leadership creative and innovative problem solving professional certification in fitness cpr/aed certified customer service accomplishments air force commendation medal bachelor s degree gpa 3.44 dean s list masters degree gpa 3.85 experience personal trainer group fitness instructor january 2015 to current created group fitness routines and implemented high impact cardiovascular endurance strength core and balance classes. maintained high attendance and promoted additional class involvement. expanded certifications to include insanity live and silver sneakers. run an online health and fitness accountability group. inspired health changes and exercise promotion to a 10 member group. provided self-regulation and behavioral adaptations for health and fitness. intelligence planner
__label__BANKING account receivable executive summary account receivable executive summary champion of continual process improvements to create more efficient work environments. leads by example developing mentoring and sharing best practices across lines of businesses. analytical judgment with the ability to analyze and determine course of action required to meet client delivery requirements. excellent communication skills organizational skills and customer service skills. supports diversity organizational astuteness and demonstrates consistent ability to develop and deepen client and partner relationships. received awards for customer service and satisfaction consistently ranked in the top 88 . awarded top performer out of 18 location for consistent and precise working standards within the banking industry. core qualifications microsoft office excel access powerpoint lotus notes outlook 10 key data entry professional experience account receivable january 2014 to january 2014 processed and verified all incoming checks inputting the client information into the system. prepared invoices for recording process all account receivable and deposit cash receipts. maintained records of the debits and credits and update the system. audited financial reports for accurate recording and process. provide daily report for to ensure proper debits and credits are applied. reconcile account booking saving over 1 000 from errors and omission from customers on outstanding invoices. communicated with manager
__label__HEALTHCARE professional healthcare representative career professional healthcare representative career focus experienced healthcare representative seeking pharmaceutical sales opportunity an experienced sales representative with a unique compliment of business to business sales experience and customer development with proven ability to drive revenues. innovative thinker with excellent communication and interpersonal skills a demonstrated leader with a record of overcoming challenges to positively impact revenues in a competitive marketplace. a team player with impeccable individual work ethic committed to success. professional experience professional healthcare representative january 2007 to current utilized understanding of necessary disease states to deliver strong technical and scientific presentations to influence customers the st. louis market to increase prescriptions for products such as toviaz viagra chantix spiriva lipitor caduet exubera pristiq and premarin vaginal cream. maintained knowledge of current trends in industry including meaningful use aco and pcmhs. met established call averages and expectations to achieve sales performance expectations. executed targeted territory analysis of highest prescribing physicians to increase nrx and achieve second place finish in little blue pill big green contest 2014 established partnership/relationships with critical customer groups for a current 13/57 place rank with viagra in 2014. maximized resource utilization customer focus and strong technical knowledge to pull through key brand viagra to achieve
__label__ARTS senior network security engineer senior network security engineer https //www.linkedin.com/in/dilip-nr/ professional summary overall 7+ years of experience in network and security engineering which includes strong hands-on experience with palo alto firewalls cisco asa firewalls check point firewalls along with comprehensive working knowledge of load balancers wireless networking vmware and data center management. areas of expertise include designing manageable networks threat prevention and management routing switching troubleshooting network performance issues and documentation. overall 7+ years of experience in network and security engineering which includes strong hands-on experience with palo alto firewalls cisco asa firewalls check point firewalls along with comprehensive working knowledge of load balancers wireless networking vmware and data center management. areas of expertise include designing manageable networks threat prevention and management routing switching troubleshooting network performance issues and documentation. skills eigrp ospf bgp route redistribution acls policy based routing nat pat. switching hsrp vrrp glbp vlans vtp link aggregation lacp pagp stp pvst+. firewalls palo alto cisco asa check point. routers cisco routers 7600 7200 catalyst 6500 nexus 7000 asr 12000 asr 9000 switches cisco switches nexus 7000 series 5000 series catalyst 6500 series 6800 series security concepts app-id user-id wildfire globalprotect url filtering blue coat proxy pki ssl decryption ike ipsec hip
__label__ADVOCATE advocate summary in-depth knowledge advocate summary in-depth knowledge of taking orders compute charges and administer billing or payments. hands-on experience in reviewing updating or making changes to customer accounts. track record of listening and responding to customers needs and concerns. able to handle returns and complaints effectively. demonstrated ability to record details of client contacts and service history. proven ability to determine answers and solutions quickly. special talent for handling irate and angry customers. proven written and oral communication skills proficient in managing business correspondence ability to organize personal work priorities knowledge of filing and updating records ability to work independently and as part of a team excellent organizational skills expert in handling office equipment internet savvy with a proven expertise in using ms office applications excellent customer service orientation special talent for researching and analyzing data effectively exceptional attention to detail with proven interpersonal skills skills microsoft word microsoft office microsoft outlook microsoft power point microsoft excel mostly microsoft excel and microsoft word experience 10/2016 to current advocate respond to and resolve on the first call customer service inquires and issues by identifying the topic and type of assistance the caller needs such as benefits eligibility and claims financial spending accounts and correspondence.
__label__AVIATION flight manager summary i flight manager summary i am an enthusiastic fun and dedicated professional with exceptional communication account management and conflict resolution skills. i have a passion for building relationships and providing exceptional customer service. motivated by competition self-starter and an effective team member. highlights professional summary core qualifications negotiation de-escalation customer service conflict resolution account management time management sales international logistics project management strong interpersonal skills skilled in ms office customer-oriented skilled multi-tasker exceptional customer service skills experience january 2013 to current flight manager manage daily operations for 80 to 120 aircraft and strengthen relationships with assigned crew members to ensure a seamless travel experience for the client. responsible for gathering and disseminating timely information to remedy disruptions caused by but not limited to weather human error and aircraft abnormalities. provide a timely professional and educated resource to crew members by thoroughly researching every concern and calmly resolving elevated issues. train mentor and act as a resource to new team members. collaborated with leadership to create new communication tools for faster and more effective communication between departments. january 2012 to january 2013 sales associate responsible for greeting customers and providing an enjoyable shopping experience through excellent customer service product knowledge and communication.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations development associate public relations development associate summary strong software skills including ms word excel powerpoint publisher banner visiflow xtendersolutions cisco agent desktop cisco supervisor desktop and adobe acrobat. proficient with mainstream social networking sites. highlights training and development team building management dedicated to process improvement invoice processing management of remote employees high customer service standards client relations specialist excellent communication skills filing and data archiving computer-savvy experience 06/2012 - 11/2015 public relations development associate managed the day-to-day operations of the public relations and development office. facilitated the planning and execution of annual fundraisers including creating invitations tracking replies preparing and tracking invoices depositing payments into the appropriate accounts paying vendors and preparing and mailing thank you letters. processing donations for the health fund and medical center nursing home medical center and dr. nicholas derobertis foundation. contributed information regarding events and accolades to the medical center s employee newsletter. assisted in creating marketing and promotional materials. monitored the medical centers facebook pages reviews submitting positive reviews for the employee newsletter and reporting negative reviews to the vice president for further review. managed the physician referral line. performed other duties as requested by the vice president of human resources/public relations and development. 06/2010 -
__label__BANKING mortgage banking executive analyst mortgage banking executive analyst summary focused operations manager successful in contract negotiation and process improvement. remains calm and poised even in high-pressure situations. leverages in-depth knowledge of industry trends and shifts to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion. highlights change management policy/program development cross-functional team management staff training supervision and training skilled negotiator sound judgment computer-savvy calm under pressure complex problem solving operations management accomplishments business development successfully grew business by action . project management initiated project which resulted in positive outcome . people management describe accomplishment 1 describe accomplishment 2 financial management describe accomplishment 1 describe accomplishment 2 research conducted research which led to the development of program . leadership served as key contributing member to leadership team. experience january 2009 to current mortgage banking executive analyst responsible for escalated issues and problem solving providing support by answering inquiries for internal and external partners senior management and third party customers relating delinquent mortgage accounts with the intent to bring delinquent accounts current. responsible for researching and providing customized documentation to senior executives and management on servicing and default related issues. ability to work with servicing systems as well as accurately analyze information from the system
__label__SALES timeshare sales summary i timeshare sales summary i am extremely confident that my skills mentorship education and experience will set me apart from the rest. many would describe my character as someone who is always dedicated to the project at hand and willing to go the extra mile. i ve managed large projects and provided meticulous attention to organizational processes and correct flaws when/if they occur. i am searching for a lucrative career in sales as i have embodied the skill to connect with people ask the right questions and find the need and desire for the product or property. currently living in brickell and originally from nyc. searching for a great where i can contribute exceptional sales work ethics creativity and leadership. highlights sales and marketing skilled multi-tasker team player microsoft office knowledge of leasing and market conditions fast learner personable quality assurance and control results-oriented contract management relationship building detail-oriented excellent communicator member of the national association of realtors national account management established track record of exceptional sales results excellent communication skills energetic resolution-oriented well-versed in contract law effective retail sales manager social media savvy start-up experience large cash/check deposits expert invoice processing highlyprofessional proficient in microsoft office client management sales presentations
__label__SALES gm sales associate summary gm sales associate summary looking for a to grow with and continue customer relations in the industry i have came to know well and love. customer-focused retail associate with solid understanding of retail dynamics marketing and customer service. offering 21 years of experience providing quality product recommendations and solutions to meet customer needs and exceed expectations. demonstrated record of exceeding revenue targets by leveraging communication skills and equipment sales. results-oriented individual with over 4 years of experience implementing equipment sales to substantially increase store productivity and repeat clientele. expertise in arranging new merchandise managing cash registers and independently opening and closing store. organized efficient and accustomed to handling crowds of over 50 people during special sales events. strong background in parts service and warranty. passionate about retail sales customer relationship management and merchandising. results-oriented customer service with exceptional record of accomplishment in exceeding sales service and performance targets. in-depth understanding of ag / lawn and implement products services and market conditions. high-energy team player ready to leverage abilities to improve sales numbers and success. skills familiar with john deere ag and lawn equipment massey ferguson ag equipment kubota ag and lawn equipment kioti ag equipment cub cadet riding and zero
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS ward clerk unit secretary ward clerk unit secretary admissions and dispositions clerk 3rd party liability clerk patient executive summary seeking a part-time nonmedical/retail position that will afford me the opportunity to use my various social and professional skills. strong organizational and problem-solving abilities demonstrating sound judgment in establishing priorities and making decisions. well-developed interpersonal skills interact effectively with people on all levels remain calm during stressful situations. innovative and resourceful with the ability to recognize valuable applications for new ideas and a talent for successful implementation. conscientious and quality-oriented with an earned reputation for dependability efficiency and professionalism. core qualifications ms word ms excel ms powerpoint sox sarbanes-oxley compliance training adult cpr/aed certification professional experience ward clerk / unit secretary admissions and dispositions clerk 3rd party liability clerk patient eligibility clerk public relations assistant as supplemental/cooperative care clerk initiated and tracked a program to conclusion with an annual budget of 700 00 for over 40 000 beneficiaries. maintained outpatient health records determining eligibility of patients. single-handedly overhauled a repository of 1 000 specialized records receiving consecutive superior ratings. january 2012 to current hr/payroll supervisor accounting apprentice prepares payroll taking into consideration non-standard shifts and overtime pay process out of cycle check requests as needed
__label__BANKING operations manager summary my operations manager summary my goal is to utilize my 20 years of banking experience and education in business management and human resources in order to expand on my management experience. skilled in financial reporting account balancing and reconciliation project management and analytics. highlights quantitative analysis metrics account reconciliation balancing complex problem solving staff leadership and development expert in ms office suite conflict resolution strong interpersonal skills procedure development experience operations manager october 2011 to current - manage the daily functions of real estate and oil gas and mineral ap accounts payable and ar accounts receivable transactions manage a team of 15 staff members who perform duties across multiple lines of business conduct employee performance reviews and individual development plans for success daily and monthly account reconciliation of internal house suspense accounts accurately document and report items out of sla to senior management with correspondence to field partners provide training to team members on job responsibilities and cross-train opportunities research and resolve complex variances review daily work for quality control and errors conduct year-end tax 1099 and 1098 statements for real estate assets and loans personal banker/ business champion july 2007 to october 2011 - profile and analyze clients financial situation
__label__APPAREL pr event manager summary pr event manager summary experienced creative marketing professional who consistently delivers high-quality and results-focused marketing content. in-depth knowledge of social media and pr management with expertise in identifying emerging market trends. experience pr event manager jan 2015 to current coordinate all public relations activities. manage social media platforms to engage audiences across traditional and new media. research influencers and initiate collaborations. develop a marketing communications plan including event strategy sponsorship budget and goals. evaluate opportunities for partnerships sponsorships and advertising on an on-going basis. coordinate details of events such as venue flyers sales entertainment guestlist artist booking sponsorships etc. social media consultant apr 2017 to current build and execute social media strategy through competitive research platform determination benchmarking messaging and audience identification. moderate all user-generated content in line with the moderation policy for each community. create original content. continuously improve by capturing and analyzing the appropriate social data/metrics insights and best practices and then acting on the information. pr social media manager jan 2013 to jan 2017 develop a follow growth strategy for social media. ex 180k followers in 2013 vs 2.2m followers in 2017 on our instagram --manage pr social media coordinators from 20 international regions and make sure
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS chief innovation and outreach chief innovation and outreach officer professional summary creative social innovator with extensive project experience from original concept to strategic development. talents include thoughtful and socially-conscious program design systems thinking across disciplines and departments inert ability to problem solve and consistent dedication to authentic collaboration even in the most challenging circumstances. core qualifications change management and ability to shift roles and problem-solve quickly in an emerging organization expertise in progressive k-12 education models instructional design policy and politics around education reform efforts lead developer and facilitator in training and professional growth creative problem solving in scenarios with multiple variables acute awareness for budget management and resource allocation systems thinking and ecological approach to program development implementation and evaluation positive energetic and a believer of creating a culture of risk-taking reflection and humor to do our collective best work experience 06/2013 to current chief innovation and outreach officer leadership and program development provided leadership for innovation growth and development of a progressive k-8 education program. defined implemented and fostered clear and transparent processes to support innovation at every level of the organization. implemented new ways to gather data and measure impact around student learning development and assessment of the whole child. project
__label__CHEF food server professional summary food server professional summary hardworking professional with a history of exceeding expectations and delivering quantifiable results. known for boosting morale by fostering interdepartmental communication. skills cash handling professional and friendly careful and active listener data entry. education and training may 1982 mceachern hs high school diploma business business community service volunteer girl scouts 2012-2013 work experience august 2013 to may 2015 food server monitor food distribution ensuring that meals are delivered to the correct recipients and that guidelines such as those for special diets are followed. clean or sterilize dishes kitchen utensils equipment or facilities. served over 300 students daily. load trays with accessories such as eating utensils napkins or condiments. stock service stations with items such as ice napkins or straws. remove trays and stack dishes for return to kitchen after meals are finished. prepare food items such as sandwiches salads food preparation or serving techniques to ensure that proper procedures are followed. august 2007 to may 2011 subsitute pre k teacher order or obtain materials needed for classes. provide extra assistance to students with special needs such as non-english- speaking students or those with physical and mental disabilities. tutor and assist children individually or in small groups to
__label__APPAREL softlines manager summary experienced softlines manager summary experienced retail sales manager known for hiring and training solid long-term staff adept at problem solving who posses a strong background in visual merchandising. visual merchandise experience softlines manager march 2011 to current managed the sales performance of the footwear and apparel associates to meet sales and margin goals. implemented game plans in the apparel and footwear departments to maximize sales. interviewed hired and trained essential staff. granted title of store human resource adviser to issue appropriate counceling to all store associates. apparel sales leader december 2006 to march 2011 assisted the store management team with general supervision in the store in accordance with policies and procedures. implemented merchandise presentation standards and signage of the apparel department to meet standards. maximized profits by supporting standards of selling and customer service. educated new staff on merchandising and selling standards of dick s sporting goods. nike brand coordinator october 2005 to december 2006 encompassed the nike brand image ensuring the highest standards of visual presentation at all times. introduced new product lines by highlighting features and benefits. coached and inspired store associates to maintain the nike retail presence. increased profitability of sales on an average of 4 yearly. education
__label__FINANCE finance and sales consultant finance and sales consultant professional summary finance and sales with management training experience and exceptional people skills. versed in strategic leadership roles and responsible for training small groups of new hires. desires a challenging role as your finance and insurance manager. core qualifications over 15 years of supreme customer service. real estate and vehicle sales. training and mentoring several sales consultants trained in management roles. finance expert 94 finance approval rate. 85 closing rates. 100 up sells on products and services. experience finance and sales consultant january 2015 to january 2016 - direct contact for customers looking to finance their newly purchased vehicles. having a strong ability to discuss finance decisions and making tailored recommendations for the best offer that fits their situation. in direct contact when needed with our different lenders to assist in closing. planned and executed a class of four new hires training them in the art of sales and finance and later training and mentoring another while maintaining my average sales and finance records. held daily meetings with new hires discussing opportunities within sales and finance scheduled meetings with co-workers to come up with plans to better themselves with the and working together to enhance their
__label__SALES sales summary to obtain sales summary to obtain a position where i can utilize my skills and work in an environment that will enhance my knowledge and career. great organization and communication skills that will aid in excellent customer service and satisfaction. highlights bi-lingual multi-line system expert superior communication skills data entry claims expert install coordinator proficient in ordering materials payroll cheerful and energetic effective team player superior organization skills dependable and reliable goal oriented self motivated experience sales 03/2016 to current managing job after sale to completion of install handling claims invoices ordering material exchanges and returns track down custom orders to make sure they arrive on time up-selling customers on special materialsmanaged wide variety of customer services and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently install sales coordinator 03/2014 to 03/2016 managing job after sale to completion of install handling claims invoices installer payroll ordering material exchanges and returns track down custom orders to make sure they arrive on time up-selling customers on special materials managed wide variety of customer services and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently keyholder/sales associate/copy center supervisor 03/2008 to 12/2013 open/close the store in place of manager. handle customer issues in a
__label__ACCOUNTANT lead accountant highlights quickbooks lead accountant highlights quickbooks peachtree in-house accounting systems and financial reporting mas 90 far wawf great plains integration manager frx reporting. hyperion workspace planning enterprise essbase schedules and reports crystal reports ms office with strong excel skill financial accounting database management budget administration performance reporting tax preparation and compliance forecasting/trend analysis strategic planning cash-flow analysis variance analysis sarbanes-oxley research and compliance experience lead accountant november 2011 to current experience in various areas including but not limited to operating budgets financial analysis/planning financial statements and reporting accounting policies and procedure cash flow taxes auditing and business process improvements. manage various areas in financial accounting budgeting and financial analysis. execute qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques to minimize risks and liabilities. develop and implement system processes to achieve financial discipline and improve the overall efficiency of the organization. provide strong analytical skills good relationship management and negotiation skills in liaising with various large corporate entities financial institutions and various regulatory authorities. monitor and manage daily processes for multiple complex revenues streams. review contracts for new pricing schedules while researching and implementing new accounts into the accounting systems. provide subject matter expertise in analyzing revenue trends and apply corrective measures to risk findings. maintain
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT senior business development manager senior business development manager summary business development professional experienced in sales management marketing and applications engineering of filtration and drying systems to the bio-pharmaceuticals fine chemicals agro-chemicals and other industries. highlights accomplishments supercharged sales of high-valued filtration systems to customers in the bio-pharmaceuticals specialty chemicals agro-chemicals and other industries using consultative selling techniques to consistently achieve 50 + year-over-year growth with outstanding gross margins heinkel sales/application engineer provided direct sales and application engineering expertise to users of size-reduction classifying mixing and drying equipment as well as down-flow/laminar flow booths and active/passive isolation systems to the specialty chemicals minerals and other industries. used consultative sales/relationship-building to generate outstanding bookings each every year supercharged sales of high-valued filtration systems to customers in the bio-pharmaceuticals specialty chemicals agro-chemicals and other industries using consultative selling techniques to consistently achieve 50 + year-over-year growth with outstanding gross margins heinkel . launched campaign to rebrand as a leading solution provider in solid-liquid separation. analyzed complex customer requirements and developed user requirement specifications urs . presented the best solution to customer. generated new product revenue of 1 750 000 heinkel . consulted on process solutions with high-end battery chemicals manufacturer and engineering firm. created confirmed and fine-tuned
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing public relations manager marketing public relations manager summary decisive marketing manager who drives growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies. skilled at analyzing market trends and customer needs to develop highly-effective and targeted marketing campaigns. experienced restaurant manager who oversaw a high-volume multi-million dollar restaurant. versed in planning daily operations staffing and inventory management. highlights brand development brand recognition optimization knowledge of market trends quality leadership operations management full service restaurant background hiring and training ability to handle fast-paced environment experience marketing public relations manager april 2015 to current roles responsibilities develop and execute integrated campaigns to drive awareness press traffic and revenue including public relations initiatives social media campaigns promotions partnerships on and offpremise events giveaways and sponsorships. drive creative brainstorms to generate bold inventive ideas. collaborate with restaurant teams as well as corporate culinary operations and accounting to activate initiatives determining budget timeline staffing training and methodology for tracking and evaluation. oversee multi channel messaging and communications with current and prospective guests through email marketing website social media public relations in store signage printed collateral and loyalty program. direct and help manage various regional public relations agencies overseeing strategy media outreach and reporting. manage press inquiries including facilitating in person phone
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction project manager professional construction project manager professional summary i am a sports person by heart and a civil engineer by profession. i am currently pursuing master s in civil engineering at auburn university. i am a seasoned construction professional with exceptional leadership and project management skills. competent in team budget and schedule oversight. able to develop scopes check field activities and update clients making me the perfect candidate for project management. i hold sports close to my heart and make sure to practice it in my daily life. i have been a national level tennis champion during my college days and am also a registered tennis coach. i aspire to run a successful construction management firm in future. skills project scheduling estimating budget planning value engineering contract coordination osha safety requirements work history construction project manager 01/2016 to 04/2017 managed submittals and processing of requests for information between general contractor owner and owner s consultants mitigated risk coordinating plans and specifications to ensure compliance with permitting and regulatory agencies analyzed trade and material proposals and negotiated contracts monitored construction operations for 2 million dollar plus housing project monitored coached and supervised team of 25 employees in 2017 maintained zero site accidents and lost
__label__ENGINEERING director of engineering summary director of engineering summary manager/director - engineering/research development/product development/design - versatile and highly competent mechanical engineering professional offering over 10 years experience of product design development in the manufacturing industry with demonstrated success in on-site technical support installation maintenance and systems troubleshooting testing. expertise in project management techniques implementing engineering changes and performing testing design changes. track record of handling welding fabrication material handling and material processing procedures along with managing project budgets. possesses technical engineering skills with the ability to analyze issues devise continuous process improvements incorporate initiatives to increase efficiency streamline operations decrease overall expenses with minimal resources. successfully built the production department from a staff of zero to 20 in approximately 5 weeks and completed a project 20 days early and 15 under budget at amer industrial technologies efficiently managed engineering of 30mm+ nuclear safety related project including 10 large stainless steel process tanks at amer industrial technologies brought three new products to market through design changes manufacturing efficiencies and helped reduce manufacturing cost for two of the products by over 30 at roberts filter group areas of expertise project engineering production product design product development testing knowledgeable in welding fabrication material handling processing procedures project management
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development highlights word excel powerpoint adobe java oracle jd edwards enterprise epitome/winal data collection internet and social media. experience july 2012 optimize financial operations by performing complex analyses on enterprise wide negotiations projections time-of-business reviews and guest port services distribution channels claims/utilization costs. determining the effectiveness of territory by analyzing and targeting special segment of sales reports. provided data from multiple sources for monthly quarterly annual and ad hoc reports generated for various departments and senior management ensured data was accurate by identifying and resolving errors and discrepancies. reviewed analyzed and resolved claims based on performance 50 000 limit ofauthority quickly eliminated by supervisor processed thousands claims worth in excess of 20 million. initiated calculated and reported upon a quarterly productivity analysis. participated daily in tasks related to financial reporting budgeting and forecasting asset and liability reconciliation working capital and cash control. director of business development may 2014 to current work along side with the management team in an advisory capacity to investigate the needs and propose routes for the business to achieve its goals. implement agreed actions achieve specific business objectives managing a test marketing program or a promotional campaign or introducing new system then managing
__label__HR hr director summary hr hr director summary hr professional offering over 15 years of progressive experience including extensive practice in multi-unit businesses in and out of locations . highly driven to achieve goals. expertise in developing and implementing hr plans and procedures smoothly and with little guidance. strong conflict resolution skills. comfortable with taking the lead in employment protocol compliance and in anticipating staffing needs. highlights employment law knowledge benefits administrator manager coaching and training hris applications proficient employee relations staffing and recruiting professional off-boarding employee handbook development experience november 2007 to october 2014 hr director plan organize and implement all facets of hr for new kent horse track and 8 off track betting sites throughout the commonwealth approximately 650 employees 250 permanent and 400 seasonal review federal and laws to confirm and enforce compliance. provide employee relations guidance and counsel to all levels of management conduct investigations as needed worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent hr policies and procedures assessed employee performance and issued disciplinary notices created and modified job descriptions within all departments in compliance with flsa coordinate and manage family medical leave fmla short/long term disability std/ltd evaluate and maintain worker s compensation claims annual wc and osha
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary i am consultant summary i am an experienced program manager delivering enterprise-grade on-premises and saas products at microsoft while being customer obsessed. i was previously an enterprise desktop architect at multiple large companies both as an employee and in a consulting capacity. i have a proven track record of positive impact in enterprise desktop management infrastructure systems administration programming and automation enterprise architecture and project management. highlights windows os vmware server/view iis leadership system center configuration manager enterprise imaging/osd/mdt app-v consulting msi/windows installer bitlocker full disk encryption server 2k8/2k12 project management installshield adminstudio vdi asp.net/vb.net/c#/vbscript microsoft bitlocker administration and monitoring ms sql server app compat spanish ue-v accomplishments mcts windows 7 configuration and mcts windows 7 mcts office 2010 deployment. experience consultant jul 2011 to current responsible for architecting and implementing client solutions for large enterprises. won four awards for efforts with enterprises and well as internal work done to promote knowledge sharing great people/great performance knowledge management sharing community star and a key talent award and received the top ranking available. drove not only windows 7 adoption at an 85 000 seat fortune 100 international financial institution but the purchase of the enterprise edition with mdop and continued to fight for
__label__ENGINEERING engineering services manager executive engineering services manager executive profile a results driven controls engineer and project manager with over 20 years of experience in manufacturing. skilled in industrial automation and process engineering with a strong mechanical design background. proven ability to lead and motivate high performance teams. history of building systems with improved functionality and productivity consistently meeting critical requirements. skill highlights proficient in process engineering and applying process needs to available technology to improve production availability and uptime. proficient in process engineering and applying process needs to available technology to improve production runablility and uptime. professional experience engineering services manager 02/2013 08/2015 accountable for maintaining the efficiency and effectiveness of all production manufacturing processes required to manufacture a high quality product in a repeatable and cost effective manner and provide overall customer satisfaction. manage all engineering services with provision of all energy sources. accountable for all mechanical repairs design and construction within all departments and the resources engaged in the provision of these services both internal and external. support waste water operations by providing advanced troubleshooting on siemens plc s. configured wincc scada system. ensure that all expenditures both in supplies and staffing are optimized and maintained within budget. developed asset management software
__label__ARTS arts educator summary creative arts educator summary creative and innovative art teacher passionate about making the middle and high school experience a positive one for all students. works to improve school climate so that all students can learn course materials as well as the social skills they need to thrive in all aspects of their lives. excellent communication interpersonal and effective leadership skills create easy interaction with students parents and other staff. accomplishments served as the advisor for the student club club for number years in a row. skills valid and current teaching certification in florida. earth-space science 6-12 art k-12 elementary education k-5 positive and encouraging experience 03/2005 to current arts educator supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics. communicated effectively with educators from various grade levels. wrote daily and weekly lesson plans. physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged. supplied one-on-one attention to each student while maintaining overall focus on the entire group. encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others. organized field trips to local parks fire stations and zoos. conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. conducted small group and individual classroom
__label__ADVOCATE advocate general professional summary advocate general professional summary over eleven years experience in management in the criminal justice and mental health disciplines developed innovative delayed sentencing and aftercare programs for oklahoma county and surrounding courts over six years managing a surety bail bond and recovery proven record of innovative and effective staff development strong commitment vision and leadership skill highlights highly analytical thinking with demonstrated talent for identifying scrutinizing improving and streamlining complex work processes computer-literate performer with extensive software proficiency covering wide variety of applications proven relationship-builder with unsurpassed interpersonal skills goal-driven leader who maintains a productive climate and confidently motivates mobilizes and coaches employees to meet high performance standards results-driven achiever with exemplary planning and organizational skills innovative problem-solver who can generate workable solutions and resolve complaints. additional training therapeutic options training cpr professional experience advocate general august 2014 to current provides oversight for operated and private facilities licensed or contracted with the department of mental health developed the advocacy conditional release monitoring program with immediate success by locating and reporting consumers that are non-compliant with medication court orders and rules carefully analyzing historical comments ratings and input from consumers using the grievance process allowed us to highlight negative trends prior to
__label__FINANCE finance customer care rep finance customer care rep lead summary property manager with vast experience in real estate management. strengths include sales skills critical thinking and the ability to communicate with individuals at all levels. highlights microsoft office 2010 microsoft project 2007 sage timberline accounting yardi voyager microsoft office 2010 suite sage timberline office yardi voyager payroll expertise fair housing mandates knowledge of leasing and market conditions multi-family property management strong organizational skills sharp problem solver training manual contributor dedicated to process improvement accomplishments developed annual budgets including determining short and long-term goals to support the overall profit and growth objectives. experience finance customer care rep lead 05/2012 to current created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction. developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding customer expectations. cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed. resolved customer/vendor issues timely and accurately worked under strict deadlines and responded to customer/vendor requests with in 24 hour sla. interacted with vendor to follow-up on payment statuses and expedited resolution of payment issues. promptly responded to general inquiries from members staff and clients via mail e-mail and fax. processed credit card payments for customers. created training materials to be used
__label__FITNESS intern professional profile as intern professional profile as a results driven fitness trainer and coach with more than 4 years of relevant experience in the fitness field i maintain a passion for developing programs that improve fitness improve stamina and develop healthy living styles. my strong customer service skills written and oral communication abilities and organizational attributes will help me advance in a fitness and wellness based career. qualifications proficiency in microsoft word excel and powerpoint quick learner training and development results-oriented client-focused customer service sales relevant experience corporate wellness assisted completing assessments for 4 corporate wellness companies in the denver area. documentation wrote and edited documents to keep team informed on policies and procedures. marketing/sales implemented online marketing strategies which resulted in 15 growth of customer base. experience january 2017 to april 2017 intern shadowed personal training sessions group fitness classes corporate wellness clients and new client testing. designed 10 daily workouts to be stored in the inward fitness library to be given out to clients. created and executed a 30 day fitness challenge for clients of the gym. proposed outside educational events to do a sports clinic at. planned and executed a fitness presentation to the staff. september 2015 to january 2017
__label__BANKING regional banking district manager regional banking district manager vice president professional summary motivated tenured manager with demonstrated knowledge of industry best practices and operations. proven skills in enhancing productivity efficiency and bottom-line profits with forward-thinking leadership. bringing over twenty years of experience in financial customer service sales problem solving field with over 15 years management experience. ready to take on a challenging growth-oriented role to provide fulfillment and professional purpose. skills negotiation business planning staff management business development strategic planning financial management sales and marketing leadership adaptability customer service organization and time management creative enthusiastic work history regional banking district manager vice president june 2011 to current responsible for leading growing and mantaining customer relationships for local branches wih 3.5 billion in customer deposits oversaw an average of 125 employees and diretly managed and led 11 branch managers throughout the westside and santa monica area revitalized operations and realigned plans to better capture new opportunities and take advantage of changes in customer habits. worked diligently to resolve unique and recurring complaints promoting loyalty prioritizing customer needs and enhancing operations . supervised 11 locations to enforce high-quality standards of operations from loss prevention to operational processes. conceptualized and implemented strategies to realign operational strategies and
__label__ARTS reading speech language arts reading speech language arts teacher summary designed and implemented four original classroom curricula self-driven resourceful leader excellent communication and interpersonal skills accomplished public speaker effectively collaborates with all levels of staff members fosters quality relationships with students creates a fun and challenging learning environment for students computer proficient and adaptable to new technology leads a creative yet organized and structured classroom possesses a genuine interest in students cognitive and social growth extremely familiar with 6th and 9th grade language arts common core standards accomplishments four years experience as yearbook advisor transitioned the yearbook creation process to successfully use computers and digital photos selected oversaw and provided technology training to a student staff of 20 organized and supervised production of graduation ceremony video show responsible for yearbook planning budget sales advertising ordering distribution and final editing one year experience teaching psychology elective social studies course for juniors and seniors taught introductory psychology concepts and facilitated independent projects professional development activities and honors active volunteer with saginaw bay riverdawgs travel baseball chaperoned several middle and high school dances host teacher to four pre-service education students served on national honor society selection committee coordinated with dow college opportunity program svsu new teacher panel
__label__FITNESS social media agent summary social media agent summary college prepared student with over three years of front line customer service experience excellent communication skills with strong work ethic. looking for opportunities in corporate america to develop as a career professional where training coaching and mentoring opportunities are available. teachable and quick to learn taking on new roles and responsibilities with flexible schedule. detail and deadline oriented critical thinking superior writing skills highlights microsoft office suite avaya phone system very accurate and rapid keyboarder sprout social media management experience 10/2015 to current social media agent trained and work directly with metropcs hq build social media posts advertising and promotions across social media platforms engage in customer service via facebook facebook latino twitter and instagram monitor online public relations and continuously send in hot topics to create new content online sponsorship coordinator escalate customer concerns directly to metropcs markets nationwide. 01/2014 to 01/2015 customer appreciation team agent retention department for metro pcs cell phone inbound and outbound calls answered customer service calls and escalated/supervisor calls floor walker in a call center environment to assist training agents worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate
__label__APPAREL manufacturing technician ops coordinator manufacturing technician ops coordinator professional summary to apply my current education to obtain placement in an agency that provides services to clients who are seeking treatment for substance use/abuse intimate partner violence and ptsd. professional experience 04/2017 to 01/2015 volunteered at albuquerque fashion week. i worked in a booth that displayed business like clothes and shoes for homeless women and men to reintegrate them into the workforce. walking for chiari june 7-9 2013 help organize a charity walk that raised money for individuals living with chiari. master practicum perfectly imperfect 242 hours iop substance use/abuse treatment program using the matrix modality. hrt treatment using the wexler model to treat clients that are referred to the agency for intimate partner violence. seeking safety treatment program that is geared towards working with individuals who are experiencing possible violence ptsd and substance use/abuse. worked with clients in a group setting. helped clients identify what has led to them being referred to the agency for treatment. provided clients with the necessary skills involving relapse prevention. worked with clients and family members identifying ways that the user and the family member can work together to rebuild the broken relationship caused by the use/abuse of drugs
__label__ADVOCATE administration assistant professional summary administration assistant professional summary professional and knowledgeable receptionist versed in administrative support and customer service. offering over 10 years of experience managing reputation with customers. highly efficient and accurate with strong planning problem-solving and communication skills. knowledgeable and professional receptionist skilled in administrative support and customer service. bringing 10+ years of experience managing fast-paced front desk operations.. adaptable administration clerk with expertise in managing emails and phone calls for various departments. highly skilled in editing and proofreading correspondence and documentation. ready for a new position that involves handling various tasks in fast-paced settings. smart professional fluent in spanish. energetic and knowledgeable in administration assistant. considered enterprising adm. assistant with ability to lead talented teams. skills scheduling office administration administrative support budgeting appointment setting recordkeeping documentation and control document retrieval spanish skills medical office administration insurance claims completing insurance forms appointment scheduling billing and coding customer service work history administration assistant 12/2018 to current transferred and directed phone calls guests and mail to correct staff members provided administrative services including phone and email correspondence making copies and handling incoming and outgoing mail and faxes managed office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels communicated with
__label__FINANCE dealership finance manager experience dealership finance manager experience dealership finance manager 03/2011 to current oversaw credit department staff. maintained ongoing communications with clients. worked to resolve credit and financing issues. identified new business prospects. developed strategies with sales managers. established credit and financing policies and procedures. reviewed and approved loan applications in a timely manner. dealership finance manager 11/2006 to 03/2011 processed credit and loan applications. prepared and analyzed credit reports. evaluated contracts and loan agreements. maintained customer database. dealership finance manager 02/2003 to 11/2006 reviewed credit and loan applications. prepared monthly and quarterly financial reports. negotiated financing and credit terms with customers. ensured compliance with all applicable financial regulations. education associate s degree accounting 2002 university of california - accounting bachelor of science finance 2005 university of california - finance want more check out our other examples. see more examples summary seasoned dealership finance manager with a sound knowledge of the auto industry. adept at evaluating credit requests preparing and analyzing financial reports and preparing loan agreements. specialize in quickly dealing with customer credit and financing issues in a timely courteous manner. core qualifications extensive understanding of credit and financing issues comprehensive knowledge of credit and loan evaluation procedures sound understanding of generally
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary looking teacher professional summary looking for a position to use my strong passion for children s development together with skills and experience that will enable me to make a significant difference. also to build a long-term career with opportunities for growth and to keep up with the cutting edge of the technologies. qualifications excellent communication and multi -tasking skills developed from previous experiences excellent leadership skills with the ability to take necessary actions in tasks when required admirable work ethic team player with exceptional communication skills reliable flexible and hard working computer skills windows xp powerpoint microsoft word excel outlook quickbooks internet research experience teacher 08/2013 to current teach united states history civics geography and english language literature for middle school. plan prepare and deliver lessons to a range of middle school classes. conduct up to 5 classes in one day. record and monitor student attendance. mark work and give appropriate feedback to pupils. devise and write new curriculum materials. prepare pupils for external examinations such as stanford and sol. manage pupils behavior in the classroom and on school premises. administer examinations. prepare coursework for students and the class. teacher 08/2009 to 06/2012 implemented instructional activities that contributed to a climate
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT global business development manager/marketing global business development manager/marketing summary professional account manager trained in building strategic network ties and increasing sales revenues. cultivates and maintains strong customer relationships. skills prospecting and cold calling strategic account development team building expertise proven sales track record strong communicator skilled in ms office strong interpersonal skills relationship selling product training and placement strong deal closer exceptional customer service skills accomplishments established thirty new accounts in a single year through successful business development/management skills. a record. gigaspaces technologies turned a one thousand dollar a year territory into a one million dollar territory in just a little under 2 years. buzz food service earned the 2012 spirit of generosity award . given once a year to a salesperson who demonstrated an outstanding commitment to customer service in a way that improved both reputation and work environment. buzz food service master of brand advantage/master s level meat course. buzz food service 2006 employee of the year education employment and training department. goodwill of the kanawha valley experience global business development manager/marketing 09/2015 current grew customer base from 10 accounts to 35 accounts in a year s time . established over 30 new international sales relationships. closed deals with several fortune 500
__label__SALES sales coordinator summary dedicated sales coordinator summary dedicated sales coordinator with 5+ years experience in the sales environment. looking to obtain a management position in which i am given the opportunity to play a direct role in the unlimited growth and success of the summary of qualifications exceptional customer service skills ability to multi-task prioritize and manage time effectively detail oriented a team player with high level of dedication excellent communication skills strong interpersonal skills great verbal and written skills social media savvy bilingual in french experience sales coordinator apr 2017 to current respond to sales calls and leads. work closely with sales managers/directors in regards to upcoming groups and events. create and build new leads into isac. generate new contracts for future groups/events conduct site visits of the property when needed. generate edit publish on s social media platform create and print hotel collaterals assist and provide excellent customer service to clients prior during and post event. sales coordinator apr 2014 to feb 2017 assisted sales team with daily administrative duties. drafted sales contracts and addendum for future events. assisted clients with sales related inquiries via phone and email. processed sales invoices and commission. ordered office supplies for the department. assign new leads
__label__ENGINEERING engineering assistant summary knowledgeable engineering assistant summary knowledgeable engineering superintendent well-versed in supporting projects and managing related documentation. first-rate multitasker problem-solver and organizer with methodical and thorough approach. proficient in power points and word documents. skills administrative support ap critical thinking doors engineer senior management forms functional leadership machinery navy oil organizational pearl personnel personnel management pick problem solving progress project management proposals quality assurance repairs reporting requirement switches time management troubles technical review blueprint understanding project support document control engineering operational functions sharepoint manufacturing systems integration team management experience 01/2019 to current engineering assistant annual salary 60 468 usd hours per week 40+ series 0802 pay grade e-7 i m currently an engineering professional with 20 years of experience in the department of navy. continually providing technical expertise to twelve ships stationed throughout the waterfront. i also provide technical expertise to visiting ships. i have trained and assisted well over 60 junior and senior enlisted and commissioned officers in problem solving management and equipment repairs throughout the water front. i primarily responsible for maintenance and training for the homeported surface ships in joint base pearl harbor hickam jbphh hawaii operational area. no ship has ever missed a mission requirement while i m serving
__label__AVIATION purchaser / production coordinator purchaser / production coordinator professional profile productive quality oriented professional eager to contribute comprehensive skills toward actively supporting a progressive organization as a key team member. featured skills x expedite / aog / logistics x customer service x finance / accounting x sales x purchasing x inventory control x stores / warehouse x management x shipping x receiving x bookkeeping ability to act independently to determine methods and procedures on new assignments. ability to respond consistently with a high degree of initiative to resolve issues or complex problems that may arise. ability to maintain positive image and brand. ability to perform work accurately and thoroughly. efficient organization and time-management skills. ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines. a courteous and professional demeanor. strong negotiation skills ability to work well under pressure intermediate to advanced computer skills. proficient with ms office suite and other work-related software. additional comments i have been working in the aviation industry for 12 years now and bring with me a total on 15 years of experience that makes me a well-seasoned professional. i bring with me experience of working with commercial military charter and prototype aircraft. i am experienced and knowledgeable with boeing airbus bombardier dornier
__label__DESIGNER interior designer objective to interior designer objective to obtain a position with a reputed organization where i can utilize my skills to contribute the organization s success a position where my education experience and motivation allow me to make a valuable contribution. highlights proficient in autocad adobe indesign adobe photoshop concept development drafting photography space planning product specifications interior architectural detailing color and material application proficient with furniture systems experience 01/2015 to 01/2016 interior designer create comprehensive drawings perfectly referring to available notes sketches and tender drawings received from contractors. prepare detailed technical content. create drawings using autocad for fabrication and production. apply modifications on shop drawings as per received revisions from consultants. prepare a full submittal of shop drawings. 10/2013 to 06/2014 shop drawings and preparation of architectural shop drawings and details. assist pm to verify quantities of works and materials. make frequent and efficient site visits to check on quality of works. ensure implementation of designs and plans on site. 01/2013 to 01/2016 interior designer assign meeting with clients. planning and decorating interior spaces as per client s requests and needs. draw up sketches or designs in order to help clients visualize how their space will look. recommend finishes and treatments for
__label__CHEF executive chef summary to executive chef summary to obtain a challenging position where experience as an executive chef and a food handlers license will be utilized. and experience working for multiple james beard award winners alfred portale and paul bartolotta. core qualifications executive chef menu developing chef de cuisine schedule food labor executive sous chef inventory ordering sous chef microsoft excel word experience 08/2016 to 02/2017 executive chef developed brunch lunch dinner and event menus supervised coordinated and participated in cooking activities and prep instructed cooking personnel in fine points of following recipes structured and maintained accurate payroll scheduling food costing inventory and ordering. 09/2015 to 08/2016 executive chef developed brunch dinner and event menus supervised coordinated and participated in cooking activities and prep instructed cooking personnel in fine points of following recipes structured and maintained accurate payroll scheduling food costing inventory and ordering. 05/2013 to 08/2015 head line cook carved and cooked meats poultry game and meats cleaned cut and ground meats poultry game and seafood particapated in cooking and prep with cdc and line cooks maintained a clean and safe work environment. education and training high school diploma liberal arts gibraltar high school usa math reading science art and social science liberal
__label__FITNESS fitness attendant summary highly-motivated fitness attendant summary highly-motivated nutritionist with a masters degree seeking a career position in the healthcare field. goal-oriented and high-achieving professional with advanced knowledge and skills in nutrition. hi ghly effective at evaluating the nutritional needs of both adults and children with various diseases. self-starter energetic enthusiastic and dependable individual with outstanding leadership and management skills. a creative and organized key team player with strong interpersonal and communication skills. highlights genetic nutrition background adult adolescent and child nutrition use of anthropometric measurements effectively influences other proficient speaker of arabic and english microsoft word excel powerpoint team leadership confident public speaker accomplishments completion of masters thesis the effect of curcumin to help reduce the risk and development of type 2 diabetes on a genetic level granted the key player award of the year on outstanding performance as a fitness attendant training and supervision of new employees elected from vp of finance to president of a graduate club at university of new haven due to excellence in leadership and management skills our club esm was granted trailblazer graduate club of the year award assessed and helped almost 5 000 patients with their nutrition and eating habits resulting in a high percent success
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director business development summary director business development summary professional business development director firmed to meet sales objectives on regular basis by using strong leadership interpersonal communication presentational and organizational skills highlights microsoft office suite microsoft crm dynamics lams webex linkedin experience january 2013 to current director business development develop and execute a targeted business development plan to build a long-term pipeline develop and deliver polished proposals and pricing estimates on short notice to potential clients in the public and private healthcare sectors. work collaboratively with the executive sales team to develop marketing campaigns and new territories build relationships with key hospital executives and decision makers within prospective client organizations stay current on healthcare industry trends and personnel moves among prospect organizations identifying prospective clients using established lead methodologies manage a business development team of 10 people. increased monthly prospect by number by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base. january 2011 to january 2013 call center manager accept and handle supervisory requests and calls from staff and customers. provide the call center director with all information about any extraordinary situations. ensure that the call center representatives follows call procedures at all times and enforce all department and policies. collaborate with the call
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction project coordinator summary construction project coordinator summary i am seeking a competitive and challenging environment where i can serve your organization and establish an enjoyable career for myself.advanced knowledge of sbs programs natural leader and skilled mediator who excels at bringing out the best in all employees.innovative manager seeks position offering opportunities for new professional and personal challenges. self-starter with a positive can-do attitude who is driven to learn improve and succeed. highlights proficient in microsoft excel word powerpoint google applications amp and jasper soft. quickbooks business analysis business analysis operations management risk management forecasting effective problem solver through strong conflict resolution skills experience working with client and coworkers from diverse backgrounds forecasting exceptional time management skills collaborative leadership mentoring tactical execution conflict resolution team building business management methodology experience construction project coordinator dec 2014 to dec 2015 - operations/construction project coordinator peco sbs program bge ses programprioritized project components and organized scopes.liaised directly with customers to meet needs and maintain satisfaction.stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all installations.submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract maximized revenue by meeting program goals.assisted the project manager as needed on a daily bases on all new contract and projects. office administrator
__label__TEACHER assistant teacher summary an assistant teacher summary an organized professional with experience fostering a cohesive student learning environment. experience working with students of all abilities. uses effective and efficient methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of the student. highlights excellent classroom management data-driven curriculum effectively works with parents differentiates instruction collaborates with colleagues cpr/first-aid certified sei endorsed special edu. certified dual certified competent in smartboard technology elected member of school site council experience 09/2014 to current assistant teacher worked cooperatively with special education teachers to modify curricula for special education students according to individual education plans. applied progressive teaching principles to a class of 9 social-emotional students. taught social studies and math to grade 8. established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order. received high remarks for the creativity of classroom lesson plans and instructional techniques from students parents and faculty. 09/2014 to 06/2014 teacher assistant collaborated with the severe special education teacher in order to best meet academic and other specific needs of the individual students in a resource and inclusion setting. created conditions for social-emotional students to make academic and life skill gains. kept consistent communication with parents to address student s weekly progress. 09/2013 to
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction inspector professional summary construction inspector professional summary result-driven certified construction manager in training with over 2 years of significant and progressive experience in construction industry. proven track record in ensuring project deliverables are brought to market in a timely manner. strong team leader with proven managerial experience and skills cross functional terms including subcontractors vendors and suppliers. effective problem solver and decision making skills exceptional commitment to quality and customer satisfaction. excellent presentation/ communication negotiation and persuasion skills. core qualifications primavera p6 digitizer site safety/osha compliance microsoft project plan swift 9 qa/qc/field engineering autocad revit bim micro station v8i microsoft office report writing interpersonal/communication experience construction inspector november 2015 to current provided quality assurance services by performing on-site inspections of material and workmanship as well as performed material testing in accordance to the american society for testing and material astm manuals for reinforcing bars as well as concrete. performed inspections on epoxy anchor/dowels and concrete field technician duties slump test temperature air content and concrete sampling . tested and inspected construction material placement and foundation work. performed reinforcing steel inspections to ensure rebar meets requirements of approved drawings. performed in-place density tests on various types of soil to determine compaction and moisture content.
__label__APPAREL administrative assistant professional summary administrative assistant professional summary stylist informed by background in art history and design. dedicated to clear and fruitful communication through delivery of unmatched customer experiences. my interdisciplinary studies in art have taught me to approach my work with a contextualized perspective and ingenuity. skills graphic design composition illustration writing proficient typist microsoft office suite and social media platforms instagram twitter facebook painting drawing sculpture weaving yoga meditation certified yoga teacher work history administrative assistant 04/2020 to 02/2021 remotely managed customer service client scheduling inventory and monthly profit of product sales. personal assistant to lead stylist 10/2018 to 03/2020 personal assistant to a 2 million dollar book which we grew to 3 million within a year. personally managed the stylists business coordinating client appointments carrying out pre-appointment pulls executing special orders managing internal/external communications and overseeing issue resolution. curated stylist s personal online boutique salesfloor as well as the presentation of product within the stylists personal appointment room. designed etagere jewelry display and the stylist s personally requested stock on memo pieces . processed all sales allowing the stylist to give undivided attention to clients. independently led styling appointments as needed. coordinated tailoring and personal styling during the alterations process. styled
__label__TEACHER teacher facebook lamaestram4kidscare yahoo.com teacher facebook lamaestram4kidscare yahoo.com email mariela28perez gmail.com professional summary highly motivated teching professional with over 10 years of experience in a fast-paced consulting environment. extensive experience supporting young children and parents clients consultants in high-profile technology projects. exceptional analytical ability and talent for managing information. certified associate of applied science in early childhood education aas of ece certification. proficient in weekly educational project project communication project setup monitoring microsoft project microsoft office microsoft excel power point skills ms office proficient 35 wpm typing speed powerpoint multilingual in english and spanish bilingual in spanish able to lift 40 pounds art designer children project children music finger play flyers webs ex facebook loves children adept at working with special needs children energetic caregiver home school educator course planning performing artist emotionally supportive friendly and likeable dependable calm under pressure fast learner work history teacher 05/2008 to 07/2012 teacher daycare kid s imaginations advanced administrative and project support for younge children-level consultants for special holiday project activities music art langue arts. project coordination/management led a project to streamline and reorganize sharepoint project management system resulting in more accessible information and enhanced support for clients. coordinated project plan scheduling and budgeting for small but
__label__HR hr specialist us hr hr specialist us hr operations summary versatile media professional with background in communications marketing human resources and technology. experience 09/2015 to current hr specialist us hr operations managed communication regarding launch of operations group policy changes and system outages designed standard work and job aids to create comprehensive training program for new employees and contractors audited job postings for old pending on-hold and draft positions. audited union hourly non-union hourly and salary background checks and drug screens conducted monthly new hire benefits briefing to new employees across all business units served as a link between hr managers and vendors by handling questions and resolving system-related issues provide real-time process improvement feedback on key metrics and initiatives successfully re-branded us hr operations sharepoint site business unit project manager for rfi/rfp on background check and drug screen vendor 01/2014 to 05/2015 it marketing and communications co-op posted new articles changes and updates to corporate sharepoint site including graphics and visual communications. researched and drafted articles and feature stories to promote activities and programs. co-edited and developed content for quarterly published newsletter. provided communication support for internal and external events. collaborated with communication team media professionals and vendors to determine program needs for
__label__ARTS language arts teacher professional language arts teacher professional summary to continue working with children as well as youth where i will be able to utilize all skills in my expertise area elementary/middle school. core qualifications ability to communicate inspire trust and confidence and motivate children as well as understand children s educational and emotional needs. ability to recognize and respond to individual and cultural differences in children and employ different teaching methods that will result in higher student achievement. organized dependable patient and creative. able to work cooperatively and communicate effectively with other teachers support staff parents and members of the community. computer skills wordperfect microsoft word and powerpoint and leadership skills experience language arts teacher august 2007 to current - co-advisor team leader august 1995 to may 2007 - tutor sixth seventh grade students that tested basic or below basic in language arts. work with students from varied ethnic racial and religious backgrounds. administrator for the standardized augmented benchmark test. maintain accountability of students safety and whereabouts during hours of operations. teach language arts daily to sixth grade students. perform interventions for benchmark and sat10 standardized tests to help children become proficient in language arts. assess students reading and comprehensive skills through group
__label__TEACHER assistant teacher summary teacher assistant teacher summary teacher s aide who has lovingly taught 8 children ages 0 through 18 months. thorough in guiding children through a variety of daily activities and making sure the curriculum is age-appropriate and fun. dependable and reliable worked others shifts when they couldn t make it to work. highlights charting and recordkeeping child abuse prevention understands developmental disorders active listener first aid certificate basic clerical knowledge reliable and punctual friendly cheerful and energetic teamwork oriented housekeeping experience assistant teacher november 2014 to october 2015 assistant teachersanitized all toys and play areas daily. maintained a safe clean and constantly supervised play environment. supported children s emotional and social development with one-on-one attention. prepared served and cleaned up daily meals for 8 children. used read-aloud time and alphabet games to promote early literacy. used clear communication and professionalism to develop constructive relationships with families. clearly communicated to children in developmentally appropriate way. carefully supervised children in play area. instructed children in health and personal habits including eating resting and toilet habits. cashier hostess salad bar person november 2006 to january 2009 accepted payment from customers and made change as necessary. assisted diners with seating as needed assisted co-workers. cleaned and
__label__CHEF dfw personal chef experience dfw personal chef experience dfw personal chef devise and execute growth plans entailing market penetration and expansion product development and diversification . new customer acquisition and targeted marketing campaigns. formulate and administer policies and practices to. maximize profit margins and minimize operating expenses. lead and mentor 27 team members. achievements analyzed sales data eliminated unpopular/unprofitable items streamlined an expansive menu and introduced healthier recipe options generating an additional 606000 in annual revenue launched a facebook boosted posts targeted marketing campaign saving 30 in cost per lead compared to google display ads and producing 12 points uplift in brand awareness and 10 points uplift in purchase intent renegotiated existing food purchasing contracts with strategic vendors slashing food cost by 15 cultivated partnership with new shipping carrier negotiated favorable pricing reducing shipping cost by 20 established an in-house payroll processing system trimming administrative outsourcing cost by 18 deployed an inventory management software avoiding overstocking/understocking and decreasing food waste and spoilage by 81 directed all employees to undergo rigorous sanitation and food safety training programs maintained a sanitary safety grade of 99 by the fort worth consumer health division for 10 consecutive years enhanced customer confidence in food quality sidestepping food wholesalers and
__label__SALES sales associate/merchandiser experience sales sales associate/merchandiser experience sales associate/merchandiser jul 2014 to current investigate and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. run markdown reports manage store replenishment and analyze buying reports. contact customers to follow up on purchases suggest new merchandise and inform them about promotions and upcoming events. operate pos system to itemize open credit accounts and complete an average of 50 customer purchases. write sales slips and sales contracts. plan and coordinate the availability of products for advertising and promotion purposes. answer an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries solving problems and providing new product information. maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. describe product to customers and accurately explain details and care of merchandise. confer with store managers to obtain information about customer needs and preferences. monitor and analyze sales records and consumer purchasing trends. anticipate consumer buying patterns to create a purchase and inventory plan. set and recommend mark-up rates mark-down rates and selling prices for merchandise. complete stock orders and manage inventory levels. organize and track departmental receipt flow for new and reorder merchandise. partner with sales representatives and managers to coordinate
__label__HR senior hr highlights safety senior hr highlights safety managementemployee engagementhr generalisttraining developmentorganizationrecruiting succession planning accomplishments experienced in union and non union manufacturing sales headquarter environments. established north american region safety operations network across us canada 7 manufacturing sites and 4separate business units this model has been used in other functional areas. experience senior hr january 2007 to october 2010 industrial development directornovember 2015 to currentdanone - minster ohdevelopment of consistent technical training to assure skill attainment across the 7 manufacturing sites in the region. environmental health safety directoroctober 2010 to october 2015dannon - minster ohestablished and led regional safety and health network for 4 dannon us sites. expanded responsibilities to include allsafety auditing across 7 dairy danone sites waters division and baby nutrition divisions in the us. attained one team award for the region attaining no lost time incidents during a time of growth.expanded skill set to become an internal iso 22000 quality auditor and a iso 14001 environmental auditor.assured ehs transition for 2 newly acquired businesses.lead on bio-vigilance food and site security. led site of 400 employees and 200 contractors in hr training and safety functions during a time of high growth andextensive change. key contributor for negotiation team first union contract with
__label__ACCOUNTANT contract accountant summary more contract accountant summary more than ten years of progressive experience in manufacturing accounting currently preparing for cma exam cpa eligible strong motivator and morale builder with a positive outlook ability to communicate effectively with all levels cum laude graduate with bba in accounting and finance exceptional analytical communication and leadership skills advanced excel skills experience with multiple erp and accounting systems - adapt well to different systems willing to relocate highlights advanced excel powerpoint outlook and word skills ifs macola progression netsuite jd edwards adp payroll tool crystal reports global fas- fixed asset software vantage quickbooks accomplishments while at robbins llc decreased month end close from a ten day close to a three day close without compromising the integrity of the financial statements. implemented paperless ap filing system while working at robbins llc. this saved a large amount of time during audits or when researching issues. received robbins llc s presidential award each year for going above and beyond job responsibilities creating efficiencies and cost savings. experience january 2014 to current contract accountant contracted as accountant for client during a maternity leave client erp software netsuite . bookkeeping for clients and personal taxes. assessed and advised client on internal controls
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary transition from consultant summary transition from an application developer and secure a position as a business analyst or technical liaison with a that can fully utilize my education and experience while offering upward growth and opportunity. skills microsoft .net visual basic and c# blaze advisor .net rules engine html javascript visual basic 5.0 and c++ programming - introduction and advanced concepts. experience consultant 06/2012 to current managed/designed/developed market segment determination rules. rules service provided account and policy a market segment values of either mid-market or small-market areas of underwriting. determining market segments streamlined underwriting workflows and allowed processing center to efficiently handle insured accounts. managed/designed/developed underwriting rules question service. real-time access of questions per entry screen from online quoting system. service provided agent or support users immediate access to underwriter questions in regards to the specific entry screen user was working with. rules provided on-line questions and answers for analysis through nationwide s underwriting binding authority rules. managed/designed/developed underwriting rules based protocol system which provided underwriter guidance with little or no agent intervention when assessing a policy s insurance risks. managed outside consultant s work assignments while providing technical leadership in designing process flows business object model .net web service changes and
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant ii professional summary accountant ii professional summary highly analytical results-driven tax accounting specialist who works quickly and accurately under tight deadlines. extensive knowledge of software program . skills account reconciliation specialist advanced bookkeeping skills self-motivated professional budget analysis strong communication skills superior attention to detail ms office suite work history accountant ii 09/2013 to current individually responsible for creating standard operating procedure manual for accounting department which is currently being used by the employees new hires executives and internal as well as external auditors. solely responsible for creating and maintaining a monthly statistical report that is generated through various banking transaction types such as deposits withdrawals payments different types of loans booked transfers and the factors affecting membership at the credit union. i also analyze the report looking for possible errors researching the solution to the errors correcting the errors and preparing the final report which is reviewed and utilized by the board members the ceo and other senior staff members to make executive decisions. responsible for reconciling and monitoring complex general ledger transactions affecting assigned accounts researching the differences and communicating outstanding items to appropriate personnel. responsible for ensuring expenses are coded to appropriate general ledger accounts and that payments are submitted
__label__ADVOCATE center director/head start family center director/head start family advocate professional summary organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. reliable employee seeking a position. offering excellent communication and good judgment. to seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills excellent time management and problem-solving skills. conscientious individual with the ability to multitask and liaise between families and programs to build relationships that support ongoing development and education. a respectful family advocate offering case management and crisis intervention skills. skills have directors credential . relationship building parental training effective communication family advocacy family services leadership planning and coordination good listening skills community resources work history 01/2020 to current center director/head start family advocate collaborated with families to assist in growth development and education to increase potential. identified available community resources and programs for families of disabled children. visited homes of families and maintained appropriate contact as directed by agency procedures. observed security measures to maintain confidentiality and restrict access by unauthorized individuals. built solid and trusting rapport with children and families fostering trust and communication to meet case needs. interviewed individuals and families to assess
__label__CHEF administrative assistant career overview administrative assistant career overview i would like the opportunity to enhance your department with my experience skills and knowledge. over 1.5 years as an assistant in the medical field. over 6 years in customer service and sales. medical billing and coding associates degree completed in december 2012. skill highlights microsoft office access excel outlook powerpoint word quickbooks 2012 medisoft electronic medical records practice management software eyefinity officemate practice management software eyefinity examwriter electronic health record software professional experience june 2012 to june 2013 administrative assistant assist with creating all documents and a bookkeeping/accounting system. payroll and bookkeeping. tax preparation for accountants. answer phones in a professional manner and take messages. schedule meetings. post job openings and screen candidates. completely run the office by myself. february 2012 to current independent consultant market and sell high quality kitchen tools and accessories through in-home demonstrations booths at trade shows and fundraiser programs. create and publish monthly newsletters for customers and other consultants. help plan lead and execute monthly kitchen consultant meetings and potential consultant workshops. may 2008 to october 2009 paraoptometric technician answered phones greeted patients and scheduled patients called in prescriptions to pharmacies and set up patient referrals to other doctors. gathered
__label__AVIATION material control specialist summary material control specialist summary accomplished professional with 12 years of experience within the field of logistics and 9 years of experience in organizational leadership. expert at managing supply support transportation inventory control purchasing and distribution. effective in customer service cost reduction and property management. proficient in nalcomis/rsupply big safari inventory bsi cost point and fedlog database. versatile and proactive problem solver with excellent interpersonal skills. highly adaptable to ever changing circumstances when engaging any project business plans within a fast-paced and demanding environment. highlights ms office suite decision making organizational leadership multi-tasking security clearance team building training planning scheduling analytical thinking flexibility communication skills supervisor skills inventory management process improvement experience 12/2012 to 03/2015 material control specialist coordinate material movement between storage production areas and designated locations. coordinate with purchasing construction warehouse and engineering personnel to ensure appropriate scheduling procurement and movement of materials. remove materials from inventory and coordinate the preparation of materials for shipment. identify materials by military class of supply. maintain records manage traceability of documentation from receipt through shipment process. verify materials or merchandise received against shipping/invoicing documents record discrepancies and damaged materials. examine store materials for deterioration and damage provide documentation for disposal. provide asset
__label__FINANCE finance admin manager summary finance admin manager summary a self-motivated person with a dynamic personality and have more than eight 8 years of working experience in the fields of management finance administration advisor translator and tutor. worked with reputable international organizations for the last 5 years in different positions. have an excellent command of dari persian pashto languages as well as good understanding and knowledge of english russian arabic urdu language. achievements fulbright scholarship program the university of akron august 2015 - present full scholarship to complete master s degree american scholarship program american university of central asia august 2007 june 2011 full scholarship to complete a four-year bachelor s degree work experience finance admin manager 10/2011 to 07/2015 identified staff vacancies and recruited interviewed and selected applicants. conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes. prepared contract- subsidies financial agreements suppliers services consultancies prepared program budget planning maintained of accurate cash records ensure that all procurement is completed in according with financial policies procedures prepared monthly reconciliation of cash financial monitoring accounting and financial plans measurement result obtained favorable settlements in over 85 of cases supervised a team over 15
__label__FITNESS fitness consultant experience 09/2013 fitness consultant experience 09/2013 to 03/2014 fitness consultant conducted tours and gave wellness advice to help every person change their lives. also did outside marketing to help drive in business and conducted calls to prospective members. 08/2012 to 05/2013 daep/special education/coach taught in the daep disciplinary alternative educational program also worked in the special education wings in the middle and elementary schools with autism and down syndrome children also coached football basketball and conducted the strength and conditioning programs for middle school and high school athletes. 08/2009 to 05/2012 pe/special education/coach taught three pe classes in the middle school and also taught in the content mastery programs to help children with disabilities. also worked with the special educational settings in the elementary and high school levels and also coached football basketball baseball and track field throughout various teams and levels in the athletic department. 07/2014 to current sales helped grow the business from the inside out. maintained detailed records of jobs and potential clients. maintained client relations and work. education and training may 2009 parks and recreation management southwestern oklahoma university parks and recreation management criminal justice blinn college member of the football and baseball teams president of saac member
__label__AVIATION student professional summary completed student professional summary completed bachelors of science in interdisciplinary social science and minor in conflict analysis and trauma studies in august 2015. possesses strong interpersonal skills and a desire for a career in social sciences. served 8 1/2 years in the us army with experience in professionalism dedication to duty and integrity. extensive background in executive administrative affairs over a 4 year period including experience in employee training personnel information management counseling and mentorship conflict resolution general office operations communication mediation and coordinating travel. demonstrated success in developing training modules and coordinating ceremonies. core qualifications personnel management personnel information management proficient in microsoft outlook/excel word/power point employee relations general office operations orientations/ceremonies training and development performance management ability to type 45 wpm experience student june 2013 to current diligently maintained living environment for three individuals and two pets all while completing bachelors of science through distance learning. provided three nutritional meals daily. responsible for the care and well-being of one child. september 2004 to june 2013 35-40 hrs. executive administrative assistant september 2012 to april 2013 - essential member of the army communications maintenance team and is primarily responsible for performing field and sustainment level maintenance on avionic navigation flight
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare associate summary energetic healthcare associate summary energetic resourceful and results-driven professional .skilled at working effectively both independently and collaboratively as part of a team within fast-paced environments to complete projects and responsibilities while adhering to deadlines and quality standards. skills epic microsoft office suite word/excel/powerpoint healthcare systems insurance/billing sorian scheduling health/medical records research reports databases data analysis and pcs/windows applications experience february 2002 to current healthcare associate maintain full responsibility for demonstrating initiative strong leadership and communication skills and medical and healthcare knowledge to support efficient and productive day-to-day operations. directly accountable for a diversity of patient/unit support activities including scheduling and discharge coordinating admission packages arranging transportation completing unit work orders maintaining inventory and preparing patient unit census. monitor and improve individual performance in all areas to ensure adherence to the highest levels of customer/patient service productivity efficiency leadership teamwork and work quality at all times. excellent capacity to meet deadlines build rapport with individuals from diverse backgrounds and to support practice objectives by facilitating an environment that consistently achieves/exceeds expectations. responsible for maintaining professional and courteous communications demeanor and interactions with patients and medical staff while continuously seeking ways to provide value-added service and support. maintain files documents databases and records
__label__DESIGNER designer stylist summary high-achieving designer stylist summary high-achieving sales associate offering an extensive background in customer service sales client relations and merchandising. self-directed and self-motivated team player who also works well independently. highlights reliable and punctual cash handling accuracy organized time management detail-oriented strong communication skills flexible schedule pos systems energetic self-starter excellent communication skills experience 02/2014 to 11/2014 designer stylist cut trimmed and shaped hair or hairpieces based on customers instructions hair type and facial features using clippers scissors trimmers and razors analyzed patrons hair and other physical features to determine and recommend beauty treatment or suggest hair styles scheduled client appointments eyelash extensions utilized bleach dye or tint hair using applicator or brush shampooed rinsed conditioned and dried hair according to regulations demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosmetics used cash register in charge of daily total sales and answered phone. helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs. processed an average of 30 transactions each day in a timely manner. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. opened and closed the store which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs. maintained
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager profile dedicated engineering manager profile dedicated engineering manager with excellent technical analytical and communication skills demonstrated by over 25 years of experience. skills windows xp professional word excel and outlook and internet. project management process improvement accomplishments testing evaluation and analysis tested equipment to ensure compliance. analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment. project management supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to standards on time and within budget constraints. professional experience engineering manager 11/2010 to 02/2016 directed the installation testing operation maintenance and repairs of equipment. trained mechanics on standard operating procedures and coordinate preventive maintenance programs. responsible for remodeling projects making detailed plans to accomplish goals and direct the integration of technical activities. worked closely with management front desk food beverage security and housekeeping staff in regards to room and common areas activities and issues. responsible for safety health fire and emergency systems to comply with municipal and federal regulations. managed numerous projects simultaneously within budgetary restrictions. prepared accurate specifications for purchase of materials and equipment for purchasing department. collaborated with the director of engineering regarding design parameters for projects. resolved part and assembly discrepancies. assistant superintendent 04/2003 to 10/2010 responsible for
__label__TEACHER classroom teacher professional summary classroom teacher professional summary skilled and experienced classroom teacher certified and licensed to teach in the of south carolina. demonstrated knowledge of successful teaching behavior modification and classroom management. ready to help students by leveraging training skills and many years of classroom experience. skills microsoft office with modern classroom technology conflict resolution training iep familiarity organization/planning first aid and bls cpr training positive learning environment student-centered learning lesson planning classroom management grading procedures technology integration punctual inquiry-based learning test proctoring work history classroom teacher 08/2014 to 06/2017 performed all aspects of classroom management instructed students and provided individual support as needed. documented attendance assignments grades and participation. planned lessons activities and trips to cover all required course material. collaborated with parents administrators and counselors to develop improvement plans for struggling students. developed activities and integrated technology to diversify instruction. met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues. created new lesson plans based on course objectives. classroom teacher 08/1998 to 06/2014 collaborated with parents administrators and counselors to develop improvement plans for struggling students. administered quizzes and tests to assess student understanding of material. documented attendance assignments grades and participation. fostered meaningful relationships among students through student field-trip retreats
__label__ENGINEERING engineering assistant profile r engineering assistant profile r etired engineering assistant with 25 years of telecommunications experience excellent cad drafting skills and quality clerical abilities. skills ability to utilize tirks switch lfacs microstation icgs / idds word excel requestnet aardwolf adtran microsoft outlook ccp wsam image lotus sametime fiber brains ringbuilder plat indexes venue wsam-dc fiber traffic control and highway database assist workforce management systems and office switchphone self-taught skills in office party and event planning and decorating accomplishments autocad software utilization produced drawings and maintained archived and retrieved cad files and drawing documents for the completion of engineering work orders. professional experience engineering assistant 08/2006 to 12/2014 utilized computers and records to obtain information for the design and distribution of circuit service orders. interfaced with other organizations in order to facilitate accurate work order designs. used engineering methods procedures and databases to prepare designs. used planning documents field notes and databases to analyze data and prepare specific estimates routine work orders and other projects for growth relief damaged plant and customer demand. endured physical field visits to identify incorrect and unsafe conditions and design corrective plant configurations. tracked and monitored construction and other departments including contractors to assure timely completion of issued engineering
__label__HR senior hr manager professional senior hr manager professional summary results-driven and business-oriented professional with strong experience in business operations full-cycle human resources and administrative management. strong business acumen with the ability to execute a wide range of business management administrative and practical strategies that result in streamlined operations increased production workforce optimization and employee retention. a top rated proven performer who easily moves from vision and strategy to implementation with an organizational focus. ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously in fast-paced environments demanding strong critical thinking creative interpersonal and time management skills. human resources process project management team training development staff recruiting retention organizational optimization benefits payroll administration policy procedure development administrative management skills work history senior hr manager 12/2006 to current aegis treatment centers llc operates one of the largest networks of narcotic treatment programs ntps also known as opiate treatment programs otps in the nation. manage all aspects of the daily operations human resources for multi location organization. supervisory scope staff of 6. employee relations/employee retention oversight of all aspects of staff performance performance evaluations progressive discipline mediation of staff disputes and grievance procedures in accordance with and federal laws as well as policies ensure proper staffing ratios contingent on patient census
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction accountant - contractor construction accountant - contractor professional summary accomplished detail-oriented leader with over 15 years of experience in accounting. excellent organizational analytical and communication skills with the proven ability to effectively prioritize complicated tasks and multiple assignments while meeting tight deadlines. creative problem solver able to quickly and correctly troubleshoot accounting issues. skills team leadership staff development account reconciliation expert financial statement analysis team leadership general ledger accounting excellent attention to detail fast learner highly dependable detail-oriented work history 12/2015 to current construction accountant - contractor prepare monthly and annual financial reports for assigned projects create cost segregation report to detail all project costs prepare and maintain account reconciliations general ledger and job cost reports coordinate and manage internal and external audits of financial records evaluate enhance and implement internal controls policies and procedures manage and analyze various general ledger accounts calculate imputed interest and revenue on specified projects verify create and link assets correctly to work breakdown structure numbers prepare comparison report on outstanding goods and invoice receipts properly and accurately account for economic and operational events prepare and post various journal entries prepare documentation for internal and external auditors complete special assignments/projects as requested identify and recommend changes to processes
__label__HEALTHCARE medical support assistant oa medical support assistant oa gs-5 step 2 summary committed and motivated medical support assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. proficient at quickly learning new procedures and taking ownership of diverse projects. highlights patient scheduling abilities excellent communication and interpersonal skills flexibility reception area management detail-oriented self-starter team player accomplishments certificate of acheivement experience 12/2015 to current medical support assistant oa gs-5 step 2 salary 32 918 per year 40 hours/week supervisor dwight huddleston service over 20000 military/civilian personnel and their dependents enters manipulates and/or retrieves information and data from automated systems maintains and monitors patient appointment schedules for the clinic/practice coordinates and/or schedules patient appointments with other clinics or specialties receives patients and visitors as the initial point of contact in person or telephonically records and relays messages and/or redirect calls experienced in providing technical advice and assist managers provides information regarding the practice clinic and hospital policies procedures and locations to patients family members staff etc maintains all patients records both electronic and paper responsible for the clerical duties inherent to the in processing reception care and out processing transition of outpatients families/caregivers and guests. screen patients to
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary results driven accountant summary results driven and award winning accounting and auditing professional with over ten years of experience. motivated team leader and excellent mentor. exceptional skills in generally accepted accounting principles generally accepted auditing standards interviewing techniques research data gathering financial analysis budget preparation accounts payable/accounts receivable implementing effective internal controls omb circular a-133 ms office experience 09/2015 to 03/2016 accountant evaluated the effectiveness of financial processes and made procedural changes to improve child support cashier collections and settlement which decreased incidence of misallocated funds due to software glitches and documentation mistakes. recommended video surveillance system installation which safeguarded cashiers. participated in committees and task forces established to analyze and resolve systemic problems. performed a financial data analysis of 1.3 million and 4 700 receipts to locate busy periods in the child support cashier booth and noted that the cashier booth is usually the most busy during the beginning and end of the month as well as around holidays. interpreted and implemented a variety of policies and guidelines and proposed findings and solutions to decrease errors and susceptibility to fraud such as utilizing a second cash register at the child support cashier booth when cashiers may feel overwhelmed from high client
__label__CHEF sous chef summary current sous chef summary current general manager of jersey mike s in boca park. i strive to make every business i m employed by succeed beyond expectations. since becoming gm over the past 15 months i have increased sales by over 30 . bartender with more than 4 years experience in a nightclub bar setting. driven to provide guests with exceptional service and genuine hospitality. i m also a talented sous chef 7 of the 11 years of cooking. started at the beginning of college at the bottom as a dishwasher. quickly moved up ranks until i was managing my own lunches my own staff members under me and enjoyed since. successful at consistently delivering the highest quality food and service. i go the extra mile for any employer i work for. highlights - servsafe certified - tam card - food handler s card - knife skills a+ - operations management -business development - p l management -complex problem solver - staff development / training accomplishments business development successfully grew current business by increasing sales of jersey mike s over 30 since becoming the general manager 14 months ago. 3rd place - 2013 nc fire on the rock - team canyons
__label__SALES sales associate summary sales sales associate summary sales business development business development professional with 14 + years being successful at acquiring expanding and managing key health care accounts in the hvac construction industry. well versed in building strategic partnerships through persuasion negotiation and personal presence. demonstrated passion for building relationships cultivating partnerships and growing business. highlights excellent sales techniques excellent communicator new program and promotion implementation consultative sales techniques cold calling adept multi-tasker crm system experience contract review strong proposal writer legal implications knowledge accomplishments 2005 georgia society for health care engineers vendor of the year 2007 georgia society for hospital engineers service excellence award 2008 georgia society for hospital engineers pj wise award recipient/vendor of the year 2009 georgia society for health care engineers president s award for outstanding service and dedication 2010 georgia society for hospital engineers certificate of appreciation for devotion and commitment 2014 georgia society for hospital engineers 50th year board member recognition. experience sales associate aug 2012 to nov 2015 - health care mechanical contracting firm specializing in hvac consultation design installation process heating cooling and piping. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products and services could meet their needs. answered customer questions regarding products prices
__label__BANKING project analyst summary business project analyst summary business analyst versed in data mapping and user acceptance testing as well as solving complex problems in high-pressure environments. excels at cultivating managing and leveraging client relationships. highlights business process improvement business requirements matrixes project management advanced problem solving abilities business systems analysis ability to produce executive level reports and presentations user acceptance testing forecasting and planning experience project analyst january 2007 to current developed and produced weekly/monthly/quarterly business review packages for divisional executive team lead and coordinate quarterly business reviews with various business partners coordinate leadership team meetings by handling meeting logistics preparing agendas and compiling documents coordinate business continuity plans for the region and coordinate with the 12 markets to ensure the plans were complete for the market assist in the planning of department budget and space planning organize and execute divisional leadership offsite meetings. portfolio management administrator ii officer january 2001 to january 2007 oversees an assigned portfolio of client credit relationships. responsible for administrative aspects of payments capital markets syndicated loans treasury management and letters of credit products proactively monitor portfolio keeping officers apprised of impending actions or events to ensure data integrity and effective mitigation of risk. act as a liaison between
__label__AVIATION production excellence specialist summary production excellence specialist summary results-driven skilled quality specialist focused on achieving success and increased productivity through improvements in quality safety operations and administration. knowledge and expertise in quality control quality assurance lean management six sigma and techniques and methods for improving the efficiency process of an organizations quality procedure. highly motivated with the aptitude and tenacity to resolve challenging issues and work productively with team members and supervisors to accomplish the organizations future vision and goal. highlights experienced in production scheduling knowledgeable of quality control standards procurement specialist knowledge of 5s methodology experience in value stream mapping dedication to product quality global and strategic sourcing procedure development client relationships quantifiable revenue increases lean manufacturing and design analytical cost reduction and containment qa/qc/audits reports expert multi-site operations process improvement strategies systems implementation relationship building microsoft office suite expert productivity improvement specialist troubleshooting and problem solving market penetration accomplishments planned directed coordinated and assigned 14 employers to efficiently meet production requirements. contributed to an annual 25 increase in productivity through improvements in operations quality safety and administration. supervised and managed 14 inspectors through out 20 manufacturing factories. created critical kpis to track and improve on-time delivery customer issues and safety statistics. boosted
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations manager summary public relations manager summary a growing professional who blends academic training in recreation and sports management with hands on experience in operations communications media and public relations. with a diverse background in the sports and event industry i have gained an appreciation of what it means to work hard manage time and roll with the punches. as a creative and logical hybrid i tackle every opportunity with enthusiasm and determination and am always looking for a chance to learn. highlights 3.5+ years in sports event industry prepared press releases event highlights blog posts media advisories distributed news through various media channels generated creative content for official websites social media platforms and emails computer proficient in apple windows adobe photoshop cision and vocus recipient of best b2c marketing team at the 2014 utah marketing awards accomplishments recipient of best b2c marketing team at the 2014 utah marketing awards experience 05/2014 to current public relations manager main media contact for the color run the color run night and electric run established mutually beneficial relationships between organization and media sponsors charities and runners member of creative content team generating copywriting and content for all social media platforms and website created distributed press releases
__label__HEALTHCARE hiring manager/recruiting manager summary hiring manager/recruiting manager summary self-motivated human resources professional with 9+ years healthcare and social services recruitment management business development marketing and staffing experience. expertise in locating highly qualified candidates for a comprehensive variety of clinical and non-clinical positions. exceptional interpersonal skills with a focus on team synergies and a drive to achieve organizational goals. skills microsoft office 10+ years talent acquisition talent management recruiting staffing business development training and development 10+ years groups society for human resource management january 2015 to present languages fluent in english russian romanian experience hiring manager/recruiting manager 03/2017 to current managed and lead a team of professional recruiters through coaching and training. developed and execute recruiting plans and recruiting outreach programs partnered with hiring managers and director of hr to determine hiring needs and strategies. coached hiring managers on recruiting process and procedures. conducted full life-cycle recruiting to support different departments within the organization. developed inclusive recruiting and sourcing strategies to identify and attract top talent. managed interview activity at all phases of the recruiting process. ensured consistent communication regarding candidate search and status to all parties through all phases of recruiting process. directed offer process including reference checks salary recommendations offer letter generations and
__label__FINANCE finance controller summary established finance controller summary established goals and objectives developed policies and procedures recruited and trained staff initiated and enhanced automated systems. turned around problem areas . ensures compliance with and knowledge of governmental regulations and requirements. defined and closely monitored short-and long-term goals and objectives for all departments. excels at interacting with broad populations including senior management staff patients and external auditors. highly versatile quickly masters new roles responsibilities technologies and environments. initiate and spearheaded a special project resulting in measurable revenue growth diffuses difficult situations with tact and ease. skills leadership/communication skills product development budgeting expertise self-motivated project management small business development client account management customer-oriented skills account reconciliation accounting administrative budget preparation budget closing commercial lending contract negotiations contracts credit client delivery department of health direction financing financial financial controls financial operation financial statements forecasting funds general ledger grants human resources hr director managing mental health office outlook organizational payroll p.c. personnel quality quality assurance quality control reporting research supervisor tax planning annual reports year-end. education bachelor of science 1996 new york institute of technology usa mba finance 1998 new york institute of technology usa experience finance controller 08/2010 to 09/2017 managed team 100 professionals. oversees accounting and financial
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology professional profile senior project management position senior project manager with over 25 years of diverse experience including health care private sector local and government and aerospace/defense contracting. successful management of fast-paced private sector projects as well as large multi-departmental/multi-agency government projects. provided mentoring and professional quality training to hundreds of project managers. proven competence in leadership communication project planning budgeting design change control execution implementation and support. experience director of information technology 10/2013 to current member of the health care executive team responsible for the delivery of technology to two hospitals 40 clinics public health behavioral health medical examiner and the county s health insurance plan. implemented service now itil active directory and office 365 for the agency. responsible for the agency s informatics organization. oversaw the outsourcing of the agency s cerner ehr system implemented two major cerner upgrades and developed the technology plan to implement the agency s new hospital. developed and managed the county s project leadership academy. the academy trains and mentors project managers from various agencies using pmi /pmp grade training materials and examples. senior project manager/architect/business analyst 04/2001 to 10/2013 health care agency - electronic health record system managed the
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist summary information technology specialist summary information security analyst/systems professional with over 16 years of diverse experience across the analysis troubleshooting management and testing of complex it systems. experience includes analytical support to computer surveillance activities in cyber security intrusion detection analysis and system administration. also knowledgeable in military cyber operations. security clearance currently hold an active ts/sci security clearance. last updated in 2013. technical skills and qualifications windows unix linux vmware wireshark snort tcpdump encase bash programming configuring routers and switches computer networking intrusion analysis and firewalls. work experience information technology specialist 05/2009 current provide electronic surveillance of information systems perform digital evidence analysis dea and provide technical analytical support to computer surveillance activities. provide traffic analysis against adversary s ttp tactics techniques and protocols. configure and install routers switches and wireless controllers. draft training materials and organize training sessions for 6 employees. network security analyst 08/2008 05/2009 analyzed software hardware and network systems for various transmission systems. identified reported and resolved network security violations. corporate security 11/2007 08/2008 ensured rackspace was in compliance with industry standards such as pci payment card industry hipaa iso 27001 and sarbanes-oxley. responded to all client requests for technical support by phone and email. network
__label__ENGINEERING engineering tech summary dedicated engineering tech summary dedicated team player with extensive knowledge of electrical engineering concepts and a creative aptitude for new product development. highlights seasoned lab expert 12 years sem edx dib and high precision laboratory skills including x-ray analysis gas chromatography equip/techniques high purity liquid chromatography equip/techniques stress/strain collection expert in multiple lab equipment including but not limited to micropolisher microcleaver goniometer oscilloscopes automated function generators power supplys and multimeters software connoisseur upper level expertise in c++ sql verilog vhdl matlab pspice ltspice powerworld labview windows 2000/xp web design ms office excel project powerpoint and word and html programming. experience engineering tech 09/2008 to current worked in engineering team running compiling developing and analyzing factory experiments aimed to improve intel s far back end lithography process. used computer and speaking skills to successfully complete and report multiple individual/group tasks related to equipments performance. developed automated reports using sql that displayed factory performance developed procedures for advanced maintenance on semiconductor equipment that would transfer worldwide. owned best know methods specfication that describes lab procedures and areas best know methods worked to save money and improve performance saved 13k in identifying opportunity to reuse reticle boxes manufacturing technicican 08/2000 to 09/2008 performed advanced
__label__BANKING case manager professional summary case manager professional summary detail-oriented professional focused on developing comprehensive youth and family-related programs and services. comprehensive background includes providing case management services to adults and youth involved with the juvenile justice system. skill highlights case management family and children s programs knowledge crisis prevention intervention child abuse and criminal history clearance discharge planning parent-child conflict specialist suicidal ideation identification alternative discipline techniques mental health systems exceptional interpersonal skills computer-savvy exemplary people management skills exceptional communication skills analytical thinker compassionate and active listener first aid certified clean driving record experience determined client eligibility for benefit programs and services. referred clients to partner agencies for additional services. managed clinical and administrative aspects of the agency s mental health services. education and training bachelors of arts psychology 2011 west virginia university child development and psychology coursework communications and public relations coursework cultural diversity and ethnic studies coursework experience case manager 12/2013 to current provides case management services including intake assessment crisis intervention advocacy referral and monitoring of families. gathers social history to assess family strengths and weaknesses and to assess existing problems. conducts home visits and office base services and accompanies consumers as needed. coordinates care with outreach workers health educators nutritionists
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant professional profile it consultant professional profile accomplished senior it engineer with demonstrated ability to analyze business requirements and create effective technical solutions applicable to diverse industries. serves as strategic partner to senior management identifying business requirements aligning it assets with goals and making key strategic contributions. an experienced network engineer with excellent troubleshooting skills. highlights over 15 year experience in design installation and management of data and voice network. expertise includes design build and maintain microsoft windows servers including domain controllers exchange sql database and web servers novell servers and linux servers setup and configure virtual servers using vmware/esxi and hyper-v. academic background includes bachelor s degree in electrical engineering and master of information systems. areas of expertise extensive knowledge of computer hardware and software and networking appliance such as switches routers and firewalls using cisco meraki sonicwall hp dell and juniper design install configure troubleshoot and maintain routed lan routed wan switched network wireless network vpn and remote access thru citrix or terminal services. design and maintain microsoft servers including windows nt server windows 2000 windows 2003 server windows 2008 server windows 2012 server active directory web server exchange 2000 2003 2007 2010 2013 office 365 and sql 2000 2005 2008
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY senior director information technology senior director information technology executive profile a distinguish director of information technology with expertise in diverse range of industries within multiple industries settings globally. demonstrated success in network design and management enterprise resource planning implementation and management cloud technologies and internet technologies. well organized results oriented individual with proven ability to implement standards processes and procedures the improve business functionality. solid management skills capable of building leading and motivating individuals to maximize productivity while forming cohesive team environments. exceptional communicator focused on building strong client relationships. skill highlights small business development project management leadership/communication skills business operations organization client account management negotiations expert budgeting expertise employee relations self-motivated collaborative decisive enterprise platforms forecasting specialist knowledge of product lifecycle management plm hardware and software upgrade planning product requirements documentation self-directed scrum methodology performance criteria tracking core accomplishments saved more than 10 million amortized over 3 years by using cloud technologies instead of buying new infrastructure hardware to upgrade infrastructure for weston educational group. directed the implementation of a new student information system and customer relations management system for 2 colleges. both projects were completed on-time and under budget. increased core system availability to 99.999 by developing standards and architectural governance and
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS assistant director of polar assistant director of polar expeditions summary to acquire an executive assistant position with a dynamic company. my detailed project management writing creative and communication experience will allow me to take a leadership role in managing multiple responsibilities. highlights strong digital/film photography photo editing and print design skills great presentation skills creating visually appealing and concise presentations proposals and brochures pc/mac literate word excel outlook photoshop indesign powerpoint mappoint leo software experience 04/2011 to 12/2011 assistant director of polar expeditions expedition sales and procurement sold polar adventure expeditions to global clientele and maintained client and vendor relationships. communicated to clients the details of expeditions cost payments what to expect requirements forms . developed and contributed to the success of the largest south pole season in the s history. negotiated vendor agreements and wrote industry related agreements. managed and created project/expedition timelines. created detailed expedition and client itineraries. produced commission income and built industry-related partnerships. created handbooks expedition summaries expedition blogs wrote successful greenland crossing blog . digital photography and video. tracked client payments invoicing commissions etc. social media and networking. 03/2007 to 01/2012 designer as an independent contractor i produced direct marketing materials brochures catalogs and established branding. responsibilities included .
__label__BANKING senior student accounts officer senior student accounts officer summary dedicated financial aid/student accounts officer with 7 years of experience delivering outstanding service to prospective and current students and their parents. well-versed in working with student information systems campusvue powercampus and powerfaids. extensive experience working with student financial aid programs and federal regulations. self-motivated professional highly proficient in developing creative solutions and implementing objective decision making. maintains a positive attitude and works hard to build team relationships.desires a role of increased responsibly and authority. experienced in budgeting and strategic planning. highlights microsoft office imagenow campusvue powercampus powerfaids va once right signature ten key documentation and reporting packaging student aid awards federal financial aid need analysis polished communication skills process implementation cultural sensitivity problem resolution member of nasfaa experience senior student accounts officer september 2012 complete financial planning with prospective and current students ensure that students are aware of enrollment requirements to receive federal and institutional aid award and certify federal and private loans for undergraduate and graduate students counsel and advises students and parents on their financial options and obligations award financial aid and adjust funds due to enrollment status audit student files to ensure compliance with federal regulations collect current and past due payments
__label__HR hr assistant/payroll highlights paychex hr assistant/payroll highlights paychex mastertax abra time star infotronics store master dominion quickbooks ceridian peoplesoft sap microsoft word excel and powerpoint crystal reports experience hr assistant/payroll human resources professional offering over 15 years of combined hr and payroll experience in both manufacturing and academic settings accurate and timely preparation of employee payroll payroll tax information and employee benefits administration highly effective employer representation in unemployment claims and hearings. 01/2014 to 01/2014 payroll benefits coordinator process weekly payroll for 100 hourly and salaried associates garnishment levy and child support processing compile weekly labor hours enter new hire information into hris/payroll system assist with annual benefits open enrollment process employee status changes in payroll personnel and benefit records respond to unemployment claims establish written policies and procedures assist in employee conflict resolution worker s compensation accident reporting maintain company-wide osha 300 and osha 300a. 01/2013 to 01/2013 assistant office manager calculate daily timesheets enter new hire information into hris/payroll system process employee status changes respond to unemployment claims maintain osha 300 and osha 300a worker s compensation accident reporting loss time tracking process monthly billing process customer payments generate purchase orders maintain hris/payroll system process invoices for payment. 01/2012 to 01/2013 hr
__label__CHEF co-owner/executive chef career focus co-owner/executive chef career focus performance driven administrative professional with extensive experience in purchasing and operations in support of top organizational objectives. fourteen years experience in purchasing including project management of multi-sites with a diversified background in the food service industry purchasing and construction. intellectual as well as innovative and skilled at executing multi-projects in the most cost effective time efficient safe quality producing manner. recognized for the application of impressive research and forecasting skills that discover untapped profits and elusive resources. summary of skills operations streamlining strategic planning forecasting process development product management budget management customer service client relations vendor administration vendor negotiations account management creative problem solving accomplishments earned top performer award in 2016 professional experience co-owner/executive chef 03/2010 to 01/2017 successfully manage a caf style restaurant increasing sales through quality food exceptional service and value. plan menus estimate food and beverage costs purchase and maintain adequate inventory to meet needs. assist in creating innovative marketing campaigns to increase visibility of the restaurant. assist in hiring training directing and scheduling of employees. manage financial areas including budgeting cost control payroll and general accounting. keep abreast of all and federal laws and regulations. approved externship site to develop students to
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS senior food defense analyst senior food defense analyst summary experience as public relations professional strategist analyst and publicist. strong influencing skills to achieve positive outcomes in a wide variety of areas. creative and strategic thinker to develop results-driven programs. excellent organizational skills and able to adapt to multiple assignments and deadlines in a frequently-changing environment. effective ability to develop and maintain extensive network of contacts. significant experience generating implementing and managing strategic programs and promotional outreach. excellent written verbal and interpersonal communication skills with strong attention to detail. capability to work independently and with a variety of partners to achieve goals. highlights extensive experience conducting public relation activities to promote effective communications with the media and stakeholders. developed strategic outreach plans for significant programs to include public speaking opportunities media articles guidance materials distribution talking points and presentations. project manager for numerous initiatives to include assessments conducted on food commodity systems. perform oversight and leadership of the process and review of written reports to assure that they meet the operational goals and objectives of the assessment. utilize outcomes to develop and execute mitigation strategies and outreach and training initiatives by building a collaborative environment with appropriate stakeholders. served as usda detailee to the federal
__label__HEALTHCARE clinical research coordinator mentor clinical research coordinator mentor - quality assurance career focus eight years of compliance experience proficient with microsoft office programs proficient with university of michigan systems michart careweb eresearch qualtrics velos wolverine access excellent organizational skills ability to learn new databases software and processes quickly member of umhs quality month committee professional experience august 2011 to current clinical research coordinator mentor - quality assurance project management for quality assurance review committee - auditor for regulatory investigational drug service and informed consents - facilitate physician chart audit - preparation of audit reports - follow-up on corrective action plans - data collection - data analysis - database maintenance - protocol compliance data management sponsored trials - provide data management and study coordination support to faculty members and research team in conduct of clinical trials research - electronic and paper case report form completion - organize and participate in site initiation visits and monitor visits - confirm eligibility and register patients on clinical trials - act as liaison between regulatory study team and sponsor - extract saes and aes from medical records and report to irb and sponsor - prepare deviation reports - research chart maintenance assist in preparation for external department audits development
__label__FITNESS am receiving manager summary am receiving manager summary reliable manager demonstrating high level of ownership and initiative. possessing exceptional work ethic and desire to go above and beyond to exceed expectations. offering knack for building productive working relationships. successful in fast-paced deadline-driven environments to manage goals and team development. history of thriving in team-oriented environments. skills customer service fluent in spanish equipment operations stockroom organization processing vendor returns maintaining safety sales floor operations understanding operating equipment logistics oversight mentoring and training planning production team building relationship building store operations oversight staff training and development outstanding communication skills retail inventory management schedule management safety standards problem resolution first aid/cpr reliable and trustworthy working collaboratively experience receiving manager 08/2020 - current organized storage areas to maximize movement efficiency and minimize labor. opened and checked deliveries to verify contents and resolve issues with vendors promptly. prepared accurate shipping orders and bills of lading to direct and route materials. received and staged incoming inventory for movement to storage or sales floor. supervised warehouse team including schedule management training and task delegation. kept stockroom free of hazards working efficiently and properly organized. investigated inventory discrepancies to maintain recordkeeping validity. partnered with vendor representatives to rectify damages and shortages. motivated
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations liaison/sales representative public relations liaison/sales representative professional summary driven and compassionate healthcare professional with 15 years hands-on experience in fast-paced corporate medical facilities and hospital environments. versed in employee management and leadership public relations event coordination and management sales and marketing account management business relations office management database management public speaking human resources professional and customer service. skill highlights staffing management ability proven patience and self-discipline motivation techniques specialist confident public speaker conflict resolution government relations knowledge personal and professional integrity sound decision making staff training and development effectively influences others cultural awareness and sensitivity critical thinking proficiency fundraising and major donor development relationship and team building professional experience public relations liaison/sales representative 08/2014 to 04/2015 responsible for communications between medical professionals and health care organizations and their stakeholders. provide information to the public and build relationships with medical groups and government agencies such as miami-dade fire department work force miami-dade court house south dade government center miami-dade police department miami-dade public library miami-dade public schools including elementary middle and high schools palmetto bay hall and mayor s office cutler bay hall homestead hall florida mayor s office perdue medical center jackson south hospital healthsouth rehabilitation center miami-dade blackpoint water sewer turkey
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager ii summary construction manager ii summary excellent supervisory and organizational skills with the ability to effectively handle multiple ongoing events and time critical projects. flexible fast-learner who adapts quickly to new situations and enjoys working in a team setting. strong customer service abilities and accustomed to working with a broad spectrum of personalities. skills managing large crews forklift and hazmat certified safe job site set-up power and hand tool operation organized and detail-oriented quality control baseline schedules creation blueprint fluency ms office proficient superb management skills accomplishments held a 96 success rate on assigned projects. led the construction of a new 146 wireless construction project. trained and mentored over 23 construction workers general laborers and apprentices. experience construction manager ii 09/2014 to 02/2015 mobile l700 builds out for t-mobile carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards. educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process. reviewed and investigated proposed change order requests pcor . submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract. performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits. accurately provided status information on project progress to the project management. efficiently recorded and rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site. tools used ldo cam
__label__APPAREL reservations agent/front desk agent/guest reservations agent/front desk agent/guest services agent/pbx operator summary highly motivated and effective sales representative/administrative assistant with extensive experience in hospitality and office settings. excel at organization and multi-tasking in fast paced dynamic and fluid environments. accomplished in managing and coordinating various tasks and schedules. proven successful in designing and executing community building and fund-raising events and activities. strong team member capable of leading and motivating others. very detail oriented and professionl skills amp strengths executive administrative support fluent in english farsi urdu and hindi customer service telephone front desk reception organization filing database records management research microsoft office lightspeed starguest experience reservations agent/front desk agent/guest services agent/pbx operator january 2016 to current generate booking requests and passenger attraction/transportation bookings answer and screen customer calls explain and sell our transfers and day tours including up selling services process payment and attraction ticketing resolve product or service problems data entry and inventory accounting greet guests and complete the registration process to include but not limited to inputting and retrieving information from the computer confirmation of guest information and room rate selection of rooms coding electronic keys promoting marketing programs providing a welcome packet and ensuring guest knows location of room and/or has
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS manager industry analyst relations manager industry analyst relations summary creative communications professional with over a decade of experience in planning and implementing strategic results driven communication programs that integrate traditional public relations with emerging social and digital media communications strategies. extensive experience in semiconductor wireless networking telecommunications cloud computing and pcb design market segments. skills proficient in microsoft office suite experienced with multiple media databases including vocus cision and mymediainfo. familiar with social media and influencer management tools such as hootsuite buffer socialbro trendkite and buzzsumo. experience manager industry analyst relations aug 2015 to current - contributed to the development of a strategic analyst relations plan designed to communicate overall vision and major initiatives around comprehensive ecommerce suite and marketing solutions. cultivate and strengthen relationships with key influencers at major industry analyst firms ensuring that they are up to speed on strategy objectives capabilities client case studies and messaging. collaborate with product marketing subject matter experts and executives to advance rankings in analyst benchmark reports including forrester waves and gartner magic quadrant. provide strategic insights to senior management and cross-functional marketing teams on analyst research reports to help guide product strategy and roadmaps. support in the negotiation of industry analyst firm subscription contracts during
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist i information technology specialist i professional summary skills account management cables cabling help desk linux ms exchange server sharepoint network security desktop support unix hp unix vbscript visual basic programming windows server active directory account management help desk linux ms exchange server 2010 network/server security desktop support unix windows server geographic information system group policy scom sccm vbscripts and powershell sans active directory account management and troubleshooting help desk linux ms exchange server 2010 network/server security desktop support unix windows server geographic information system group policy scom sccm vbscripts and powershell sans work history information technology specialist i summary of skills and qualifications . 07/2008 to current computer network specialist i serve as the lan administrator. i installed and maintain over 100 servers. i installed and maintain a hyper v cluster of 9 nodes. i administer several systems including exchange 2010 lync 2013 active directory 2012 including user accounts group policy microsoft system center and operations manager 2012 proofpoint spam filter and iboss web filter arcgis. i manage active directory user accounts and troubleshoot active directory replication issues when necessary. i maintain 3 sans including nimble dell equallogic and storsimple. i assisted with selecting alertus desktop alerting system by watching vendor
__label__DESIGNER instructional designer summary dedicated instructional designer summary dedicated efficient and versatile professional credited with combining project management and data analysis and grant writing expertise to lead companies toward improved collaboration organization and productivity. proven track record of developing and implementing record-keeping and organizational systems that streamline operations. demonstrated ability to create and foster strong working relationships with colleagues and clients. strong communicator with particular expertise in grant writing new program implementation and deadline adherence. highlights course design project management verbal written communication payroll budget management data collection and reporting grant writing hiring/on-boarding new hire orientation event planning cross-functional collaboration new process implementation deadline adherence experience instructional designer 11/2016 to current assist faculty in designing online hybrid and face-to-face courses. assist faculty in identifying testing and implementing innovative and new technologies. assist faculty in designing appropriate assessments mapped to course program or institutional objectives. assist faculty in in ensuring compliance with copyright intellectual property and accessibility. provide one-on-one faculty training and guidance on use of in-class and online technologies. attended workshops on learning goals classroom management student motivation and engaging learning activities. developed partnerships with industry and secondary education institutions. contributed to ongoing staff training sessions. grants and contracts coordinator 01/2007 to 01/2012 associate recruited
__label__FITNESS clinical study coordinator ii clinical study coordinator ii professional background clinical professional with the proven ability to work with diverse clients and staff. recognized for capacity to learn and willingness to take on new challenges and responsibilities. interested in advancing myself personally and professionally in the clinical research field. skill highlights microsoft office applications proficiency in multiple ctms ecrf edc iwrs/ixrs platforms professional experience clinical study coordinator ii october 2015 to current coordinate clinical trials for the surgical research department with a primary focus in cardiovascular and vascular device related studies. communicate closely with surgical staff pharmaceutical companies surgical device manufacturers and contract research organizations. author informed patient consent forms for clinical trials in accordance with internal review board irb and trial sponsor standards. monitor studies to ensure continued compliance with federal and irb regulations. author irb clinical trial submission planned changed continuation and end of study forms. collect data from patient medical records examinations and procedures prepare and complete sponsor s clinical report forms. monitor and document for ae and sae occurence for submission to appropriate entities. responsible for device and drug accountability for each study. communicate closely with hospital pharmaceutical service and ensure adherence to all pharmacy ans sponsor protocols. introduced department
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive summary business development executive summary process oriented data analyst and delivery lead with 5+ years proven track record of analyzing business intelligence to increase top line and bottom line of the business vertical. reduced costs of manufacturing signaling systems by 10 and increased sales by 25 by analyzing operating data. closely worked with business clients and smes to collect clarify and translate business requirements into functional and technical requirements. demonstrated logical and strategic thinking leadership and organizational skills contingency planning and adaptability to new technologies. distinguishing ability to simultaneously manage multiple clients work closely with the leadership team and be a complete team player to successfully design implement and deliver complicated projects against challenging deadlines whilst keeping the teams in sync and motivated. pursuing ms in information systems in big data analytics and looking to leverage skills and experience to grow in the field of data analytics by contributing towards effective business decisions. skills python sql java r excel tableau statistical analysis multiple linear regression certification sun certified java associate experience business development executive nov 2011 to jun 2014 new project was involved in gathering business requirements from client creating process documents for the product working with supply chain and operations
__label__ENGINEERING engineering officer objective looking engineering officer objective looking for opportunities to work in an research environment for creating solutions using digital systems at circuit as well as system level. education master of science electrical engineering 2017 north carolina university usa bachelor of engineering instrumentation and control engineering 2013 netaji subhas institute of technology india majored with 78.34 first class with distinction academic merit award 2011-12 and 2012-13 experience engineering officer 07/2014 to 06/2015 spearheaded a team of electricians and technicians to carry out preventive maintenance of equipment of lpg bottling plant. role also entailed procurement of spares and materials and maintain inventory at plant. major tasks involved maintenance and calibration of equipment such as cylinder gas leak detectors washer leak detectors gas analyzers etc. upkeep of electrical panels and control systems. maintenance of drive units compressors lpg pumps etc. modified and developed various plant equipments to improve production line throughput. operations officer 06/2013 to 06/2014 oversaw the operations of lpg bottling plant production activities. managed workforce on the production line to give maximum production while maintaining safety standards. optimized the production line equipment and maintained regular calibration checks of equipments like quality check machines to produce hazard free bottled cylinders. intern 06/2012 to 07/2012
__label__AVIATION air traffic controller summary air traffic controller summary retired air traffic controller with more than 32 years of experience working traffic in the en route environment. performed ojti cic and eram sme duties specializing eram automaton. highlights certified en route air traffic control experience. effective listening. adaptable. fast learner. strong collaborative team member. application of risk-management principles. learning style assessment. accomplishments preformed a comprehensive analysis of the federal aviation administrations en route automation modernization eram upgrade i was a member of the independent operational assessment ioa team that performed a comprehensive analysis of the eram upgrade to the national air space system nas . i performed in-depth triage of eram anomalies at 16 different artcc as an eram subject matter expert sme . and at times made recommendations for what kind of adaptations to local automation could be made to enhance erams performance at a particular facility. experience air traffic controller 08/1983 to 12/2015 while working more than 32 years as an en route air traffic controller atcs in the en route environment i maintained the safe orderly and expeditious flow of air traffic in the nas. i was an expert at various disciplines of air traffic control while maintaining at least the minimum
__label__ADVOCATE customer advocate professional summary customer advocate professional summary i was in r.o.t.c for 4 years in high school. i was in our unarmed drill team i was second in command. i would be in drill meets and in competitions. not only was this distraction for me but it was also a learning experience for me. i gathered leader ship skills team work skills also responsibility skills. when we needed to get something done i was taught to take the initiative to get things done. i did lead a couple of our drill meets. i did learn how to handle hard situations. work experience customer advocate dec 2014 to nov 2015 - responsibilities are making sure our customer leave with cash making sure all documents are updated on file of each customer. one of my tasks are to have our campaign calls completed by monday and have the report sent. we go to each customer s account to see if they have and cash available loan wise we give them a brief call reminding them they have cash. i need to have sent out the summary report by monday. by doing this we get more customer s in helping us meet our goals.we also make
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional profile consultant/system consultant professional profile consultant/system engineer with 6 years in healthcare it. primary focus has been on linux with a recent emphasis on regulatory consulting and transition of care. experienced in training and development of associates along with development of documentation. qualifications working independently training program implementation quality control process improvement system testing gap analysis system administration unix system performance monitoring technical writing unix/linux environments relevant experience created build guides that ultimately led to the automation of many elements of the build process for several teams. this automation saved my team as well as others weeks of build time and has allowed for a more standardized process. experience consultant 08/2015 to current provides leadership and oversight to engagements so that results are met on time as well as to ensure value is being provided to the client. ensures appropriate resources are allocated and maintained to facilitate successful completion of projects which includes working with project managers from all across the consulting organization to ensure project alignment. multi-tasks the delivery of several project initiatives designed to enhance the services and level of support provided to the client. plans and arranges the project deliverables in alignment with the expectations of the client and
__label__CONSTRUCTION project engineer project manager project engineer project manager summary i have a construction project manager and engineer with over 20 years of experience including recent projects in commercial and multi residential. expert at problem-resolution and planning and managing projects from inception through completion. i am experienced in supervising all levels of technicians engineers and craft and in building relationships with international teams of managers and staff. i have an excellent oral and written communication skills. also eleven years of comprehensive accounting management experience cross-trained in numerous accounting functions dealt with private companies. areas of expertise comprise the following excellent communication skill efficient management and leadership ability effective budgeting and cost management of projects expertise with latest tools and techniques efficient planning and coordination of activities effective quality checking of final deliveries excellent time management to finish the work scheduled on time skills auto cad quickens included quick books timberland virtual basic ms office 2003-2010 excel access word power point microsoft project primavera p3 p6 primavera contract management hold civil engineer license affiliated with the chamber of civil engineering turkey . experience project engineer project manager june 2006 to current established record of competence in professional roles requiring proficiencies in engineering and monitoring. as a
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary high-achieving consultant professional summary high-achieving management professional and effective consultant possessing excellent communication organizational and analytical capabilities with about 4 years of experience in devising innovative strategies and solutions to resolve complex business challenges. adept at managing projects vendors analyzing organizational operations and performing customer journey competitor and gap analysis. high-achieving management professional and effective consultant with excellent communication organizational and analytical capabilities and about 4 years of experience in devising innovative strategies and solutions to resolve complex business challenges. adept at managing projects vendors analyzing organizational operations and performing customer journey competitor and gap analysis. skills strategy operations process optimization digital transformation cross functional team management project/product management agile/lean methodologies work history consultant - 06/2015 - current american global computer security software fortune 500 managed and delivered a project to implement and integrate a new content management platform to create a unified brand experience support scalability growth and enhance digital presence for client s business - post acquisition led cross-functional global teams consisting of technical business and functional representatives and achieved key milestones on time with quality deliverables prioritized escalated and resolved issues with internal and external stakeholders directly managed 3rd party vendor and offshore teams. client american consumer food
__label__HR hr assistant intern summary hr assistant intern summary new graduate seeking work as a counselor able to facilitate both individual and group therapy sessions to help participants overcome obstacles. detail-oriented with superior interpersonal skills. skills high energy sound judgment compassionate conflict resolution training exceptional problem solver excellent communication skills excellent writing skills customer service skills proficiency in microsoft excel word powerpoint and the internet experience hr assistant intern february 2016 - march 2016 provide administrative support to the human resources director. verify i-9 documentation for new hires. submit the online investigation requests and assists with new employee background checks. update hr spreadsheet with employee change requests and process paperwork. owner operator august 2012 - current managed fashion retail store independently. provided professional support to staff. assisted retail store in exhibiting innovative products. preservation technician i october 2004 - may 2013 responsible for the assembly of fabricated phase boxes portfolios and custom enclosures for protecting historic and fragile library materials. performed archival sound repairs for books and pamphlets which included rebinding books in the original covers recasing . prepared and submitted books for additional processing at the bindery. designed complex enclosures for special projects. education and training bachelors of art organizational leadership cleveland university april
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY asp.net web developer accomplishments asp.net web developer accomplishments won associate of the month award at cyient member of the team which won the team of the month award for projects such as debts and erfa experience april 2015 to current asp.net web developer responsibilities migration of iu print website print.iu.edu from coldfusion to asp.net using mvc framework. create a prototype dashboard for iu print analytics module using high charts. july 2011 to july 2014 software engineer responsibilities designed and developed an application to migrate legacy data to asp.net application by providing the ability to validate the data to meet the business rules for the new application. design the story board using html and css and design database for applications by analyzing the customer requirements. perform code reviews of the modules developed by other team members and participate in pair programming to improve the coding standards of the overall application. preparation of build packages and actively participate in integration and deployment phase of the applications. technicals skills programming languages c# web technologies sharepoint 2010 asp.net 4.0/3.5/2.0 mvc 4 application software visual studio 2008/2010/2013 sql server management studio databases sql server 2005/2008 r2 mysql oracle others html jquery css javascript bootstrap jira source controls team foundation
__label__ADVOCATE direct client coordinator- counselor/ direct client coordinator- counselor/ victim advocate professional experience 09/2014 to current direct client coordinator- counselor/ victim advocate conducts individual counseling sessions with clients to address social emotional and interpersonal deficits related to sexual trauma or abuse. facilitates psychoeducational support groups consisting of 6 to 10 clients focusing on coping skills emotional regulation and sexual abuse recovery. interacts with out of agency clinicians and external resources such as school or community personnel. charts and records confidential information in client files. effectively manages time and caseloads based on agency needs counseling court advocacy groups community education etc. quickly responds to crisis situations when severe mental health and behavioral issues arose. conducts outreach advocacy and rehabilitative services for regular cases and crisis intervention. collaborates with other programs and community agencies to enhance treatment processes for clients. properly trained and supervised crisis- line volunteers.strengthened agency rapport with law enforcement officers court officials and community service agencies. 08/2012 to 03/2014 sales lead oversee operations on and off the sales floor while directing employees. resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service. open and close cash registers performing tasks such as counting money separating charge slips coupons and vouchers balancing cash drawers and making deposits. credit coach
__label__ADVOCATE child family advocate professional child family advocate professional profile talented administrative professional with background in accounting and finance. extensive knowledge of ar/ap microsoft excel and quick books-software skills. fearless child family advocate comfortable taking a stand against threats to a child s safety or well-being. works directly with government officials children and families to find the best care possible for every child. qualifications attentive listener sensitive family maintenance detail-oriented excellent interpersonal skills team player staff development relevant experience served many program participants who went on to earn high school diplomas or geds. increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols. led support groups to help parents regain and improve their parent-child bond. experience child family advocate august 2013 to current collaborated with community members to educate the public regarding issues such as drug abuse prevention and traffic safety. collaborated with community leaders organizations and public agencies to promote the organizations community service programs. maintained daily records of children s individual activities behaviors meals and naps. created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. established a safe play environment for the children. supervised children on field trips to local parks fire stations and zoos. directed all protective placement
__label__TEACHER teacher summary an elementary-school teacher summary an elementary-school teacher with many years of success in teaching classes and developing children s learning ability/agility known for her superior communication skills with children parents and staff. desire to inspire and motivate children to achieve their best. able to inspire comfort and build self-esteem while demonstrating sound work ethics cultural sensitivity/diversity flexibility and creativity. mature and professional teacher who adapts to new situations and technologies with ease. adept at lesson planning and classroom management. enthusiastic teacher with superb leadership and communication skills. easily cultivates trusting and productive relationships with students parents teachers and administration. dedicated and student-focused teaching professional who is committed to providing a well-balanced supportive and engaging learning environment for all student. dedicated educator committed to creating a classroom atmosphere that is stimulating encouraging and supportive for all students. highlights critical thinker title i knowledge ieps knowledge learning assessments decisive flexible and adaptive calm under pressure mississippi teaching certificate with elementary education endorsement urban public schools background standardized testing techniques accomplishments named teacher of the year in 2009 . experience teacher 01/2009 to current observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress. implemented a variety of teaching methods such as lectures discussions
__label__ADVOCATE client advocate / escalation client advocate / escalation specialist summary experienced with over 10 years in high-level executive support roles. organized professional and committed to delivering high quality results with little supervision. jack of all trades and wearer of many hats. highlights results-oriented self-directed strong problem solver dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills microsoft office proficiency experience client advocate / escalation specialist nov 2015 to may 2016 - takeover of escalated calls from customer service coached customer service representatives to improve skills business manager hr coordinator training coordinator receptionist jun 2008 to oct 2015 - managed administrative accounting financial and purchasing functions for the office and the individuals supported assisted with recruiting and orientating new employees performed bi-weekly payroll reconciled payroll created payroll reports used for budgeting and to adjust staffing managed and audited employee personnel and training files maintained employee training database and ensured employees were current in training purchased office and janitorial supplies acted as receptionist and managed a multi-line telephone system records management / document management system implementer jan 2007 to nov 2007 - assisted in building a dms library that fit the global model for the site assisted with department and site-wide document audits telerecruiter feb 2005 to jun 2005
__label__ARTS national sales manager summary national sales manager summary it is my desire to advance my professional development through marrying the management purchasing and guest-oriented skills honed over a 20 year professional career in educational musical sales with a teaching passion that began with 6 plus years as an educator. highlights innovative teaching methods leadership/communication skills imea member board of education member client account management midwest band and orchestra annual clinic exhibitor employee relations vendor relations self-motivated committed to cultivating a successful team customer-oriented accomplishments as the national sales manager at universal melody distribution i increased sales from 2013 to 2014 by 53 . i ve worked hard to develop a successful team and profitable relationships with many well known manufacturers in the music industry. experience national sales manager january 2009 to current oversee the daily operations of united musical distribution. oversee the daily operations of the online sales division including competitive presence on amazon and ebay among other internet forums. complete and submit institutional bids to schools throughout the nation. responsible for creating sales opportunities and driving them to success as leader of a sales team. develop quarterly sales goals and implement plans to reach our goals. oversee the daily operations of the retail
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY master data manager experience master data manager experience master data manager 01/2019 to current aligning 100+ supply chain-related master data attributes to ensure the following guidelines are met . data stewardship - appropriate business units and ownership established to validate appropriate values definitions and impact documentation for all master data fields. data quality - applicable controls are set in conjecture with it to ensure that a proactive approach is taken to new master data. additionally rpa process planned for phase 2 to automate structured data entry and maintenance. data integrity/data warehousing - structure business logic to ensure boms and other data relationships are both accessible and built as an asset for the business. additionally a data sync sop was established for gs1 standardization. reporting - automate data quality reporting for executive staff to ensure 99.8 compliance is adhered to throughout the organization. additionally provide ad-hoc tools for the business to leverage clean data cubes. data governance committee - oversee executive strategy in institutional master data to commit to trusted accurate structured and meaningful master data. engaging applicable stakeholders to promote data governance data architect data stewardship and data security the data governance committee oversees the framework for complex supply chain manufacturing operations. director of
__label__TEACHER director/preschool teacher summary personable director/preschool teacher summary personable education professional driven to inspire students to achieve personal and academic success. highlights exceptional written and verbal communicator committed to cultivating student leadership innovative thinker natural leader positive and cheerful active listener accomplishments designed and implemented new programs to bring in more families and revenue to my school. experience 08/2008 to current director/preschool teacher responsibilities to include curriculum enrichment continuing education human resources staff development registrar and the purchase of all supplies. respond to all inquiries email answering machine in person in a timely manner. schedule tours upon request. organize the registration process. determine pre-registration date for alumni and returning students. attend job interviews as required for any teacher or assistant teacher positions. arrange for staff substitutes and notify the bookkeeper of staff personal sick substitute days lunch bunch and staff meetings. distribute staff paychecks. develop and run annual curriculum planning meeting with staff prior to each new school year. responsible for staff development encourage and motivate staff members to reach personal and school goals. review teacher s curriculum plans on a regular basis. conduct staff observations in conjunction with hollis preschool board. be familiar with the nh child care licensing and operating standards to ensure
__label__ENGINEERING senior engineering manager summary senior engineering manager summary personable patient and adaptable math tutor with 3 years of experience tutoring k-12 and college students in mathematics. highly reliable and approachable person with 8 years of professional experience in people management leadership documentation multi-tasking innovation and creativity gained through the corporate world of silicon valley. accomplishments problem solving assisted students from k-12 through college on a variety of class assignments helped them understand how to solve quantitative problems and achieve higher grades in their classes. creative lesson planning motivated students to engage with course materials by organizing colorful fun flashcard games to be used as a recall technique to enhance learning. grading evaluated college level exam papers making sure grades accurately and fairly reflect the quality of students work. presentation designed and created course presentations to be used by sfsu instructor in a management class. created and presented several presentations for colleagues using microsoft powerpoint and google docs. training provided sql programming trainings to corporate team members in a classroom setting to enhance their knowledge of sql which allowed them to significantly improve data analysis. education master of business administration decision sciences 2007 san francisco university courses operations management total quality systems project management business
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary flexible accountant accountant summary flexible accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. seasoned staff accountant with ten year background in accounting. core competencies include detailed oriented organized and as well as excellent communication and time management skills. handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency. passionate and motivated with a drive for excellence. highlights microsoft excel v-lookups macros pivot tables microsoft powerpoint microsoft access microsoft word microsoft outlook jd edwards/as 400 microsoft accounting office image freeway quickbooks sap lx sage experience accountant 10/2014 current manage construction in progress accounts depreciation additions transfers dispositions of tangible and intangible assets. tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests. reconcile the fixed assets subsidiary ledger and generate monthly ad hoc reports to effectively complete the monthly roll forward. record and maintain capital leases. create and monitor a system of controls procedures and forms for the recordation of fixed assets. assist with full cycle accounting and financial reporting for month end close prepare multiple balance sheet reconciliations. perform research and analyses to determine trends estimates and significant changes for various p l accounts. manage property tax statements and update monthly accruals. collaborate and maintain strong working relationships with the field as well as corporate
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary flexible finance manager summary flexible accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. adept at budget forecasting financial reporting capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. highlights financial statement analysis analytical reasoning strength in regulatory reporting account reconciliation expert complex problem solving effective time management excellent managerial techniques strong organizational skills superior research skills flexible team player accomplishments reviewed processes and identified inadequate. experience finance manager may 2008 to current - supervision of accounting employees including hiring coaching training and completing employee evaluations in a timely manner. develop and generate daily monthly quarterly and year end processes and preparation of financial statements and related management reports. coordination and management of daily cash transfers. maintain general ledger accounts in balance with sub-ledgers. approve all a/p expenditures and g/l adjustments. analyze and review expenditures compared to budget. maintain accounting control procedures. communicate with staff and members efficiently and timely. assist internal and external auditors in completing audits. improve redesign and re-engineer existing accounting systems. team member of security committee and business continuity committee. received over 20 awards for going above and beyond and saving the credit union
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction development consultant summary construction development consultant summary diverse experience planning development construction project development with technical experience using autocad gis systems. background qualifications are ten years of college credits combined with 15 years of work experience. experience 07/2016 to 10/2016 construction development consultant provided professional guidance in constructing government housing in rural regions of south africa including developing implementing and administering methods of obtaining materials and costs improved methods in regards to labor tasks in building structures using primarily cement/ mortar. utilized management experience garnered from past work in the united states that differed from long used methods in south africa. created maps task lists materials list network contact logs including vital daily interaction/ communication with foreman and laborers alike. 03/2012 to 07/2016 assistant general manager administrate daily operations through effective leadership which includes making vital decisions allowing to expand into new markets. inform board of directors of the progress and potential road blocks that may hinder progress and provided recommendations that may ensure revenue growth. value the importance of networking with emphasis on enterprise to enterprise development. 06/2009 to 03/2012 director of planning development coordinate projects with tribal council providing detail information including project status reports. introduce to tribal council a different
__label__FINANCE finance business partner summary finance business partner summary strategic and analytical finance professional with 6+ years of success in financial planning and analysis. highly motivated finance business partner who thrives in dynamic environments. excellent financial reporting budget forecasting and and relationship-building skills. highlights sap business intelligence business planning consolidation capital iq thomson one bloomberg microsoft office host analytics accomplishments led the implementation of new financial planning tool integrated planning to allow for more efficient and accurate planning experience 06/2015 to current finance business partner led and managed team in providing strategic insights into americas dtc ecommerce and retail and eyewear product business lines increasing visibility to the business and building models that analyzed potential growth opportunities and their financial impact such as . cannibalization and margin impact of opening up distribution to new wholesale customers . analyzing the economics of licensing one of the s product lines. online loyalty program contribution models. off-price liquidation strategy determining a tiered sell-off prioritization with consideration of brand dilution that resulted in incremental margin dollars. worked directly with gm of americas and vp of retail to develop 5-year retail long range strategic plan building out pro formas and capital expenditure requirements for four different store concepts that served
__label__HR directv hr recruiter/ administration directv hr recruiter/ administration summary my goal is to obtain a position where i can utilize and enhance my education and skills. highlights excellent communication skills self-directed accurate and detailed certified in basic life support bls electrocardiography certification ekg independent worker strong organizational skills energetic work attitude courteous demeanor accomplishments recognized by peers and management for going above and beyond normal job functions. was named top leader while working at alexander dawson college bound quality assurance ensured quality of food . quality of care for customers offered job promotion to management only two weeks after start date flexibly rotated between four different jobs for mac shack human resources increased employee new hires by 65 . experience directv hr recruiter/ administration 11/2014 to current generate new hire paperwork keep all government documents up to date help with the new employees and documentation make copies badges and packets transfer 125 mso sheets into the computer per week post job ads to bring in candidates for open positions call and interview candidates over the phone scheduled and confirmed appointments for management team assist multiple managers with office issues and staff issues coordinated department functions for team of 10 employees updated employee accounts and
__label__AVIATION aviation engineer profile innovative aviation engineer profile innovative electrical engineer specialized in operations management.team-oriented electrical engineer with over four years experience designing developing and testing electronic products.skilled electrical engineer with over 2 years experience refining workflow processes and improving organizational efficiency.experienced cad drafter with solid knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. proven ability to manage multiple projects and meet critical deadlines.dedicated job title with excellent technical analytical and communication skills demonstrated by number years of experience. skills training program implementation project management scheduling tools scheduling tools process piping semi-conductor machine design structural red-line revisions electrical drafting accomplishments testing evaluation and analysis tested equipment to ensure compliance. analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment. research and development managed voice communications r d department resulting in three new products on the market and a generation of an excess of 2m in revenues. innovative design developed automated visual inspection system for accepting and rejecting glass flares based on their physical dimensions and geometry speeding up product sorting process by 100 . drafting prepared sheet metal fabrication drawings modifications and commercial specification drawings in compliance with s drafting standards. organizational design prepared plans and layouts for equipment or
__label__DESIGNER technical trainer/ instructional designer technical trainer/ instructional designer professional summary enthusiastic hard working former military trainer and course delvoper who has designed and taught course for use in the united states air force and jcm global. qualifications currently working on ms in instructional design great group worker able to analyze data to find trends won diamond sharp award for leadership and professionalism experience working with high level management experience 05/2014 to current technical trainer/ instructional designer responsibilities develop training classes for customers develop computer based training webinar training hybrid training and train clients face-to-face work with subject matter experts review technical documents track training progress and due dates work with customers to determine if and what type of training is required train peers temp employees and management review evaluations and use data to adjust the training plan. accomplishments developed and implemented online training including implementation of back end lms created twelve online training classes in less than one year skills used public speaking adult learning theory articulate storyline microsoft office suite atd certified ability to change with needs of the customer 05/2013 to 05/2014 electronic warfare technician responsibilities train personnel on use of equipment procedures customs and courtesies accomplishments was liaison between ew shop
__label__HEALTHCARE medical record technician professional medical record technician professional summary a healthcare administration professional combining higher education b.a m.h.a. with a history of building strong alliances and partnerships with business professionals patients medical personnel physicians nurses allied health families and community members to steer operational projects meet long/short term healthcare/business objectives architect process improvements ensure regulatory/hipaa compliance and position the healthcare operation as the provider of choice/ electronic medical record and health information management/. member american college of healthcare executives builds instant rapport and relationships with patients/healthcare professionals negotiates mutually beneficial solutions diplomatic communicator exceeds healthcare/business objectives sources cost-effective solutions process improvement compliant with hipaa/organizational guidelines ambitious and dedicated project and program management exceptional and creative problem solving skills built loyal business relationships with patients colleagues physicians families and allied healthcare professionals across a premier fast-paced medical/healthcare facility while administering and maintaining healthcare records organizing patient schedules steering projects/programs architecting improvements to business/healthcare operations mitigating costs maximizing compliance levels and partnering with physicians and colleagues to share best practices and meet organizational objectives. data analysis of multiple projects within a system. ability to work under pressure and balance many competing priorities. maintain quality control and provided leadership oversight of patient safety. strong knowledge of electronic
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction estimator summary energetic construction estimator summary energetic construction manager consistently involved in all facets of building construction. specialty in commercial structures and municipal bridges. proactive project manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. successful in creating effective communication between personnel general contractors and the management team. analytical job title skilled at predicting construction project duration and managing tight deadlines. results-oriented construction manager specializing in industrial and commercial projects. demonstrated expertise in permitting and building code seismic retrofitting and construction planning. dependable and self motivated professional with 6+ years progressively responsible experience in the construction estimation field. track record of identifying labor material and time requirements by studying proposals specifications construction plans and associated documents. possess thorough understanding of fundamental construction principles. skills in depth knowledge of residential construction materials methods and systems highly skilled in obtaining bids from suppliers negotiating prices calculating cost factors and prepares estimates highly skilled in problem solving and time and resource management proficient in ms office autocad and planswift e stimating software honest hardworking confident and patient individual a bility to work independently with minimum supervision or in a team based environment comfortable to spend extra time and efforts to meet the job requirements
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant executive business development consultant executive summary dynamic financial services and business development leader with 17+ years of combined experience across diverse banking and sales platforms. dedicated to delivering services excellence while surpassing revenue objectives working closely with teams and clients to address needs. enforces adherence to organizational policies procedures and standards as well as industry regulations. blends strong analytical and communications acumen to generate comprehensive research and reports - supporting planning and decision-making. senior loan operations specialists skilled in collaborating with multidisciplinary teams throughout application and financing processes. core qualifications loan operations documentation compliance guidelines risk mitigation team leadership support investments management home commercial mortgages microsoft office business development negotiations stakeholder relations customer service sales life-cycle underwriting requirements financial credit data analysis prospecting referrals professional experience business development consultant 02/2019 to 04/2020 delivered expert consulting services in financing operations sales and marketing. fueled revenues and achieved top client satisfaction / referrals maintaining top producer ranking by securing up to 50 new clients monthly. forged and cultivated productive relationships with customers and team members facilitating full sales process by identifying and addressing individual needs. developed and implemented process improvement plans based on client feedback and operational monitoring. served as key expert in
__label__APPAREL beauty advisor makeup artist beauty advisor makeup artist summary i place great importance on working hard and being a reliable person. therefore an employer can expect high quality performance and punctuality. i consider myself a student in every aspect of my life therefore i am driven and i am optimistic about learning and applying. i am confident that i can use these qualities in any situation to provide excellent results and growth within the business/company i am a part of. highlights sociable works well solo and in a team excels at customer service and sales works well in fast-paced environment great at prioritizing duties and multitasking works best in a creative environment excellent adaptability to any given situation excels at learning and teaching leads by example work experience beauty advisor makeup artist 07/2015 12/2015 opened 2nd counter in canada and 1st in vancouver practiced pre-selling and making cold calls honed clienteling skills through detailed documentation of clients and follow ups networked with businesses outside of the department and utilized social networking platforms to increase regular foot traffic to the counter achieved individual and team sales goal for opening date of the counter gained charlotte tilbury s artistry training makeup artist and hair stylist 04/2015
__label__CHEF health care administrator interests health care administrator interests as a hobby creating memorable events for military functions wedding and party planning. developed training program for 2 and 3 session cake decorating classes for both adults and children. love to camp kayak and travel. experience health care administrator april 2015 to may 2017 executive director april 2013 to april 2015 community relations director march 2012 to april 2013 meets and exceeds occupancy and revenue goals as a result of the development and implementation of an effective sales and marketing campaign as well as proper utilization of customer oriented internal systems. community has increased occupancy to full capacity - resulting in community exceeding projected year over year revenue growth. have developed and maintained relationships by making sales calls outside the community to medical insurance legal and financial professionals hospital discharge planners and social workers skilled nursing facilities home health hospice and clery. advised and educated them on current availability and programs for a successful partnership. developed creative marketing strategies to differentiate community from the competition on a limited budget including creative outreach programs and events. have provided regional marketing support to increase sales/move-ins for sister communitite on stretch assignements as requested by regional director. served on
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction executive summary to construction executive summary to find an internship in the profession where i can gain experience in and exposure to the practice of product design. core qualifications adobe photoshop and illustrator autocad and revit microsoft word excel and powerpoint professional experience aug 2006 to current castle inspection service oregon and california high value residential insurance appraiser appraise high value homes in oregon and california for a replacement cost. construction jul 2005 to jan 2006 extensive remodeling project. nov 2004 internship supporting interior design/project teams researching materials and organizing the materials resource library. accounts payable assistant jan 1999 to jan 2000 handling petty cash data entry payroll distribution and other administrative duties. education bfa product design present university of oregon product design bachelor of interior architecture business administration 2005 university of oregon business administration undeclared 2003 1999 university of washington undeclared objects and impacts digital illustration interior construction elements furniture theory and analysis color theory and application rome program skills administrative duties adobe photoshop autocad color data entry digital illustration illustrator inspection insurance interior design materials excel powerpoint microsoft word organizing payroll researching revit
__label__FINANCE senior executive - finance senior executive - finance profile to be part of an esteemed organization that gives immense opportunities for growth and innovation thereby rendering satisfaction to self and to the employer by way of performance. should see myself in a responsible position with massive work efficiency which will increase the image of the organization. aim for effective growth to strengthen the work location and work group in order to have maximum progress. have a wonderful 6.5 years experience with corporate environment sharp analytical ability and quick grasping capabilities working as per given timelines for month end and year end activities ability to understand the core issues and identifying the weak areas with a view to improve upon the same have excellent organizational and management skills effective communication skills skill highlights erp packages sap ecc 6.0 tally. erp9 operating system windows 95/ 98/ 2000/ nt/ xp office tools ms word ms excel ms power point office 2000/2002/xp/2003 accomplishments being a part of accounts payable team streamlined the procedure and process of custom duty air/ocean freight and clearing charges payments developed format for on due and overdue payments list which is required for on time payments to creditors. awarded for resolving the overdue issues
__label__CONSULTANT managing consultant summary highly managing consultant summary highly accomplished management consultant / senior business analyst with a verifiable track record of managing complex strategy projects and exceeding client expectations. demonstrated skills in business process management and process redesign specializing in the end-to-end business process management lifecycle. extensive experience in the integration and implementation of organizational transformational efforts in both the public and financial services sectors designing processes and system improvements to increase productivity and reduce cost. strong interpersonal skills highly adept at managing broad stakeholder communities and supporting the development of cohesive strategic visions across disparate groups. skills business process improvement redesign agile/scrum sdlc business transformation pmo project management ibm bpm blockchain robotic process automation strong analytical skills experience managing consultant 11/2003 to current currently a managing consultant in the customer engagement design practice of ibm global business services us federal with a focus on cognitive process transfomation. notable projects include substance abuse and mental health services administration samhsa - application development support as the bpm lead responsible for the development maintenance and delivery of a portfolio of custom applications built on ibm s bpm cloud platform these custom bpm applications replaced manual processes improved efficiencies and provided audit capabilities across samhsa. managed several
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary flexible finance manager summary flexible financial manager with the ability to multi-task meet deadlines communicate effectively develop and motivate staff general accounting and financial reporting for private and public companies. highlights excellent analytical communication and organizational skills. demonstrate initiative responsibility and follow through for owned work strong attention to detail with the ability to multi-task. self-directed critical thinker. experience in sox compliance and controls. knowledge of business insurance. experience in sales and use taxes payroll taxes and 1099 reporting. knowledge of gaap stat gasb fas60 fas97 and fas133 reporting. protects organization s value by keeping information confidential. experience december 2007 to current finance manager prepare monthly and quarterly analytics for income statement balance sheet budget to actual variances and earnings by source. review and sign off on gaap and statutory journal entries into peoplesoft general ledger. prepare gaap to statutory reconciliation by product and write commentary for variances. prepare quarterly and annual statutory reporting package by entity financial information for senior management. prepare quarterly financial analysis and ad-hoc reports for boli coli products bank owned and owned life insurance draft commentary for md a management discussion analysis for controller s business segment and provide supporting work papers for certain disclosures. act
__label__ARTS school counselor summary seeking school counselor summary seeking a full-time counseling/psychology instructor position to help students become successful in life and to design healthy learning and social environments in assisting them to develop an educational plan while promoting multiculturalism in school activities help with testing situations/environments professional experience school counselor september 2013 - conduct individual counseling sessions taught classroom guidance lessons related to character traits and bullying consulted with parents regarding strategies to help their children with certain issues helped with documentation of records and transfer/incoming student information and also helped with documenting strategies for response to intervention process consulted with staff/teachers concerning strategies to help students with exceptional needs. 08/10 - southwood elementary. school counselor august 2010 to september 2013 - conduct individual counseling sessions taught classroom guidance lessons related to character traits and bullying consulted with parents regarding strategies to help their children with certain issues helped with documentation of records and transfer/incoming student information and also helped with documenting strategies for response to intervention process consulted with staff/teachers concerning strategies to help students with exceptional needs. counseling january 2009 to january 2010 - gained experience in conducting individual and group counseling under the supervision of a licensed school counselor increased knowledge
__label__BANKING tax accountant professional summary tax accountant professional summary skills quickbooks cch atx microsoft office suite account reconciliation accounting administrative bookkeeping c ca consulting contracts credit client clients documentation filing financial analysis forms funds general ledger ma mandarin marketing excel microsoft office suite payroll quickbooks real estate reporting sales tax compliance tax taxes tax returns telemarketing venture capital work history tax accountant 01/2016 to current prepared and reviewed hundreds of federal and multi-state tax returns for individuals partnerships llcs s corporations and c corporations 1040/1040nr/1120/1120s/1065 az/ ca/ de/ fl/ il/ ma/ mn / ny/ wi filing conducted consulting services for clients regarding their filing status and related tax issues conducted foreign tax compliance including foreign withholding taxes and foreign tax credit form 1042s /form 5471 /form 5472 provided comprehensive bookkeeping and accounting services for multiple clients in various industries manufacture real estate venture capital hospitality industry etc. managed general ledger transaction and reporting and performed account reconciliation provided financial analysis for clients and assisted with documentation for annual audit completed payroll payroll tax deposits payroll tax returns and 1099/w2 forms prepared and filed monthly and quarterly sales and use tax deposit and tax returns assisted clients to setup business register federal and tax information and
__label__APPAREL customer service specialist summary customer service specialist summary detail-oriented individual with strong technical skills and the ability to learn concepts quickly. proficient and adaptable looking for an opportunity to use my knowledge and experience to assist a customer-service focused company. versatile student with achieved success in on-campus and on-line classes. core strengths have been utilized in previous jobs that required immediate attention to detail and learning new computer program applications. highlights meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management professional and mature strong problem solver resourceful dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills microsoft office excel power point understands grammar proofreading strong communication skills cash handling knowledge of income tax procedures positive attitude strong organizational skills active listening skills computer proficient accomplishments 2010 co founder of a non-profit assist women during and after incarceration remodel project of house purchased 03/2011 manage a transitional house for women fundraising create budget for operational expenses may 1986 - june 2005 mom to 3 daughters - home schooled my children 2001 - present active volunteer at tri county regional jail classes - computer sewing craft self improvement skills second language - asl data collection data entry grammar proofreading multi-task management reading comprehension 10-key grasp new concepts experience 08/2014 to
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive profile business development executive profile over 17 years of demonstrated operational consulting and architecture experience in it development implementations and architectures with a proven background in capturing new business ranging from 1 million to over 1.5 billion total contract value. experienced leader with strong business and technical skills. successful track record of supporting bid analysis and decomposition of requirements to provide strategic it architectures that meet demanding functional financial and technical needs while meeting security requirements. provides technical leadership in the areas of transformations strategies and implementations to bring demonstrable value to streamline it spend and reduce the tco of it. skill highlights project management leadership/communication skills client account management business development customer-oriented market research and analysis professional experience business development january 2013 to january 2014 served as business development and principal solution architect consultent for elevate technology solutions - federal practice. captured activities included opportunity assessment pipeline qualification and development customer relationship building teaming partner selection and negotiation vendor evaluation cost and schedule pursuit estimation executive management reviews and project planning. managed bid efforts by executing all phases of the capture lifecycle process. provided regular briefings to executive management concerning overall pipeline status and also updates to specific capture pursuits.
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician iii summary engineering technician iii summary engineering technician with an extensive troubleshooting repair and installation background. thorough knowledge of electrical mechanical pneumatic and computer systems. self-starter who quickly masters new skills and systems. highlights extensive troubleshooting and repair proficiency interpretation of schematics blueprints and drawings quick to act on customer service requests/issues resolve issues down to the component level document work performed through internal database proficient in ac/dc motor systems and theory electrical power generation data acquisition systems red-line documents and implement changes excellent written and verbal communication environmental/ess chamber repair pneumatic system design/repair and leak detection solenoid and valve replacement lock out/tag out arc flash live electrical and esd certified labview software pc and ess monitor repair customer service-oriented strong safety awareness excellent problem solver strong attention to detail accomplishments troubleshot and repaired test equipment for several aog s aircraft on ground to satisfy customer delta airlines demands. experience engineering technician iii 07/2013 to current responsible for all test equipment maintenance on-site to include production repair overhaul engineering and environmental labs. responds to test equipment service requests through the tesr/tpm system. works closely with engineering electricians facilities and metrology to resolve issues. areas of responsibility include electrical power generation cabin pressure
__label__CONSULTANT consultant highlights employee relations consultant highlights employee relations performance management strategies excellent interpersonal and coaching skills course prep for shrm-scp may 2017 employee handbook development event management manager coaching and training employee relations hiring and retention experience consultant aug 2015 to current create professional business presentations. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific services could meet their needs. developed innovative business plans and sales strategies for customers. rese arched economic processing factors to determine the best process and sales strategies. coordinated and managed major proposal processes from initiation to implementation. responses. formulated a comprehensive business plan complete with clear and actionable sales goals and targets. analyzed client requirements created a business plan and drove strategy development. planned and negotiated media buys including tv radio print and digital. director apr 2012 to aug 2014 carefully selected developed and retained qualified staff as well as trained number new staff annually. created annual goals objectives and budget and made recommendations to reduce costs. assisted in the design and execution of programs that contributed to a growth of the organization in the year fiscal year. administered directed and coordinated the activities of the agency. served as liaison between management clinical staff and the community. expertly planned
__label__FINANCE director of finance executive director of finance executive profile dynamic results-oriented controller with over 25 years of experience demonstrating expertise in financial reporting and analysis. strong track record in creating and implementing internal controls to reduce the risk of fraud exposure and loss. created sod to increase efficiency and set standards for compliance within the finance department. applied testing processes and procedures to improve financial operations. hands on manager who is effective at creating a team environment. proficient plus in all aspects of general ledger bs and p l financial reporting. well versed in treasury management and reporting across numerous industries as well as internal and external audits and regulatory compliance. skill highlights financial management financial reporting and analysis maintain/update general ledger treasury management process improvement finance controls implementation sarbannes-oxley compliance gl account reconciliations sales commission analysis sales d a analysis inventory reconciliation customer relations payroll management staff training management accounts payable receivable fixed asset management reporting incl. sales tax filings oracle financials quickbooks asset keeper discovery payroll excel 2013 adp-etime kronos peoplesoft excel 2013 msoffice core accomplishments developed financial controls that successfully scaled as the grew in annual revenues. hired and trained a defined accounting department and established sod to reduce risk of
__label__FITNESS fitness instructor summary i fitness instructor summary i am found to be affable responsible and enthusiastic with an impeccable ability to learn new tasks quickly while growing customer relationships and maintaining constant satisfaction. i represent any establishment with a congenial professional demeanor at all times with a contagious smile glued to my face. i have had experience in customer service now for a little over two years. i am at the prime of my life where every learning experience i encounter is not only a blessing but an honor to say the least. i am a highly driven individual who strives for the best in all that i do. i am a people-person and can form relationships with nearly everyone i come into contact with. i am a valuable asset to any team that wishes to obtain only the finest and most organic individuals. i am trustworthy honest and as hardworking as they come. challenges are passed along my way because it is known that i will find the best and most effective ways in solving them. skills leadership proficient in writing excellent communicator avid listener expert multi-tasker mutual mediator problem-solver accomplishments am a co-founder in the formation of a fitness app. dual enrolled
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary results-oriented accountant accountant summary results-oriented accountant with strong work ethic and over four years of experience. successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. bi-lingual in english and spanish with outstanding analytical oral and written communication skills across all levels of the organization. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. skills full accounting cycle account reconciliation general ledger accounting financial statement analysis budget planning cash management accounts receivable accounts payable inventory purchases fixed assets auditing payroll taxes benefit and compensation team work oriented employee training and development supervising effective time management deadline-oriented experience accountant 03/2018 manage and oversee the daily operation of accounting department including. monthly bank reconciliations over 10 companies. manage rent roll and collections. prepare overall accounting reports and internal financial statement. accounting and finance supervisor 07/2017 to 12/2017 manage and oversee the daily operation of accounting department. conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances. coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments. coordinated approval processes of all accounts payable invoices. investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines. prepared annual federal and local tax returns. administrator/accountant 03/2015 to 06/2017 manage and oversee the daily operation of accounting department including
__label__DESIGNER designer / technical designer designer / technical designer summary creative fashion designer with background in the catagories of swim intimate apparel loungewear and sportswear. experience designing wovens and cut and sew knits creating technical drawings and packages. excellent time management organizational skills and work ethic. highlights detailed technical sketches technical packages line sheets garment fittings garment specing correspondence with overseas vendors accomplishments co-founded ulihu a men s and women s underwear and loungewear company. oversaw design and technical design of all pieces and managed production in new york city. experience designer / technical designer january 2013 to august 2015 - responsible for research development and design for each season prepare technical packages for all styles excel illustrator source and place orders for all fabrics and trims for sampling and production oversee domestic development and production - all in nyc communicate with factories to ensure proper fit and construction as well as maintaining timelines attend all fittings - responsible for overall fit of product review and approve all samples fit pre-pro and t.o.p. . costume designer and wardrobe supervisor june 2001 to august 2015 - presented and finalized costumes for all characters. purchased and/or made all costumes within agreed upon budget. fit all garments and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY freelance it consultant career freelance it consultant career overview highly skilled results-driven information technology specialist/consultant with experience in business operations infrastructure management software/hardware support high/low end pc and microsoft server administration and software development. core strengths excellent critical and analytical skills business process management superior organizational interpersonal and advanced level hardware and software time management testing effective listening and communication content management systems skills mobile application development troubleshooting and problem solving accurate customer needs assessment proficiency exceptional telephone etiquette intelligent project management vast technical knowledge and experience qualifications excellent critical and analytical skills skills active directory active directory application development budget business management and development business operations business plan c++ hardware network and systems consultation consulting client clients client support databases database designing document management graphics html imaging information security information technology java lan director managing access c# microsoft office microsoft office products windows 7 windows windows 8.1 windows 2000 2000 microsoft windows xp windows xp migration multi-media network administration network hardware network security network networks novell network operating system organizational pc repair and support copier php printer problem resolution processes project plans reporting servers scripts software design ms sql sql strategic technical support systems support upgrading vista visual basic website design xml work
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant professional profile staff accountant professional profile to advance in professional and personal experiences within finance tax accounting and management to obtain a staff accountant position that will enable me to perform my best using my mathematical numerical accounting and analytical ability for the betterment of the organization. highly proactive professional with 10+ years of experience in accounting and economics. eager to achieve highest standard of accounting operations and greatest quality of work. outstanding communication written and spoken drafting and computer skills. strong critical thinking skills. high proficiency in all computer applications. remarkable skill at organizing work and resolving problems that arise in day to day activities. in-depth ability to work with difficult clientele in a respectful and courteous manner. observant intuitive and conscientious with great attention to detail. deep ability to develop and institute processes and procedures. qualifications microsoft applications excellent writing skills research support analytical skills independent worker time management attention to detail relevant experience accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. research investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues. reporting maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects. training successfully trained staff in all office systems
__label__CONSTRUCTION staff sergeant e-5 pavement staff sergeant e-5 pavement construction equipment craftsman summary solutions-focused versatile management professional veteran offering a comprehensive background supporting u.s. military operations in roles of increasing responsibility during a 8-year career in the united states air force. effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and technologies to achieve positive results. experience staff sergeant e-5 pavement construction equipment craftsman 12/2012 to current general project manager managed various projects and necessary personnel to include but not limited to removal/replacement of dilapidated asphalt roads removal/replacement of upheaved concrete sidewalk. airfield repair project lead effectively lead 12 personnel in repairing 267 airfield concrete spalls securing the air traffic control movement area for minot afb b-52 bombers. snow shift leader supervised 15 military and civilian personnel/managed 16 million dollar equipment fleet in clearing 1.8 million square feet of airfield pavements 76 miles of base roadways 2.1 million square yards of pavements. reporting official tasked with writing annual performance reports and biannual feedback reports for 3 personnel as well as promoting compliance with all usaf rules and regulations. antiterrorism/force protection at/fp barrier plan program manager guided 13 equipment operators in hauling/placing 517 vehicle barriers safeguarding 55 mission critical facilities.overhauled at/fp barrier plan as construction and new facilities
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS director of public relations director of public relations partnerships executive profile high-performing executive with extensive hospitality and luxury lifestyle experience. a strategic trendspotter who excels at developing dynamic partnerships and programs that serve as the impetus for multi-tiered marketing campaigns as well as top-tier media exposure. skill highlights social media influencer strategy project management brand partnership development crm content seo marketing budget development management new hotel launch re-launch/brand development core accomplishments initiated and cultivated a strategic business partnership between the benjamin hotel in manhattan with cornell professor co-author of sleep for success dr. rebecca robbins to provide hotel guests with a science-driven sleep program resulting in more than 1.4 billion impressions in 2015. conceptualized and launched the surrey s first full lobby rooftop exhibition artspeak with partner artmuse which served as a robust marketing campaign to capitalize on the primary brand pillar and strengthen awareness among an affluent target market. to further align with efforts the hotel was named coolest art hotel by tatler hong kong and world s best art hotels by town country . grew crm subscriber list from 78k to 102k members in one month due to a strategic partnership with media partner pure wow the new york ballet and rebecca
__label__TEACHER science teacher summary dedicated science teacher summary dedicated teacher adept at challenging students to reach their full potential. ensures that every student is progressing and is held to high expectations. highlights skills computer proficiency in microsoft word excel and power point lesson planning expertise tutoring experience standardized testing iep familiarity experience 09/2005 to current science teacher 7th and 8th grade implemented 8th grade curriculum through various methods and techniques that reflect the ccss created a learning environment that enabled students to take risks and comfortably express their ideas explored and implemented various forms of differentiated instruction included smart board elements powerpoint presentations and various media in every lesson in order to model technology driven instruction 09/2004 to 09/2005 substitute teacher k-6 implemented curriculum for children following teachers plans assigned lessons and corrected homework. encouraged students to be understanding with others. 09/2003 to 11/2003 teacher assistant implemented group literacy lessons assisted students in their deficient areas 09/1996 to 01/2003 special education teacher assisted head teacher in planning curriculum developed individualized lesson plans to meet students with iep goals maintained daily records regarding children s developmental progress education masters of science education special education touro college us masters of science in education special education touro college
__label__DESIGNER web designer professional summary web designer professional summary trained quality assurance specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the pharmaceuticals industry. skilled in risk assessment regulatory summary writings documentation quality assurance quality system and data analysis. strong quality assurance professional with a masters in computer science and bachelors in electronics. skills work history web designer and database designer one plus glasgow uk. web designer nuclear disarmament glasgow. uk. office assistant iona community. glasgow uk. polling clark in a scottish parliament election 2004 care assistant in bupa care home glasgow. specific skills langages c c# data base oracle sql web technologies asp.net html5 css3 dream weaver. currently quality specialist 07/2015 to current preparation of the elemental impurity risk reports for drug products and api experienced in developing risk analysis model and conducting thorough risk assessment starting from the basic till final report generating regulatory summary for all the approved elemental impurities reports us and canada collaborate globally and cross functionally in cfts with in varying sites to complete complex project goals. sites ludwigshafen sligo cork ap16 puerto rico and campoverde. e.g. gluten elemental impurities and api metal catalysts author co-author and verify multiple risk control assessments pertaining to elemental impurities gluten and metal catalyst
__label__APPAREL fine apparel department manager fine apparel department manager summary results driven general manager with strong interpersonal skills with extensive luxury retail sales experience focused on client development and retention. success has no excuses. accomplishments increased gross revenues at max mara northbrook by 76 promoted to store manager after 12 months in the assistant manager position promoted to assistant manager after 6 months in the stylist position profitably sold sans pareil inc. turned a 2000 investment into 1.8 million dollar business within 5 years of inception experience 11/2013 to current fine apparel department manager manage drive a high volume multi vendor business to achieve goals strategically plan business to meet sales goals talent development provide leadership team building to store sales staff in driving sales service profitability provide team with tools training of values core focus of brand imaging retain motivate coach train an elite sales team in the art of client le motivate lead by example in the standards of excellence work in tandem with buying office to meet business needs maximize opportunities in market develop maintain strong vendor relations to drive sales and meet sales goals oversee merchandise opportunities set merchandise standards evaluate merchandise performance adjust to meet business needs oversee the selling
__label__HEALTHCARE claims service specialist professional claims service specialist professional summary medical billing specialist with 3 years experience in a fast-paced multiple client medical billing company. researched and denied claims and submitted appeals. familiar with health billing and collections. advanced knowledge of claims processing and pre-authorizations. skills medical terminology expert icd-10 international classification of disease systems billing and collection procedures expert hospital inpatient and outpatient records inpatient records coding proficiency outpatient surgery coding specialist hcpcs coding guidelines familiar with commercial and private insurance carriers insurance and collections procedures drg and pc grouping understands insurance benefits research and data analysis close attention to detail adept m ulti-tasker office support phones faxing filing excellent verbal communication ms windows proficient customer service award skilled trainer excellent time management skills microsoft outlook word and excel ms office expert supervisory training accomplished leader resource management expertise knowledge of medicare statutes and regulations work history claims service specialist 10/2013 to 06/2014 filed claims per nextgen system discussing coverage s and liability with insured claimant and body shops. also spoke with lienholders and medical providers. typing and data entry obtaining police reports to determine liability for claims reviewing estimates and correspondence faxed mailed and emailed in. issuing payments and scheduling rental reservations for
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development leader summary business development leader summary business development manager experienced leader with more than 7 years of experience working in sales marketing and business development with specialization in identifying developing and maintaining new strategic business partnerships. propelled a small chemical trading firm into a flourishing manufacturer national distributor and global manufacturer s sole-trading partner. highly motivated tough negotiator with excellent verbal and written skills. expertise in engaging decision making and devising winning sales strategies and solutions. innovative adaptable analytical action-oriented and flexible in working with suppliers and customers in dynamic international markets. developed sole-selling agencies of 4 different manufacturers in 3 different countries encompassing 6 different products. experienced in working collaboratively with cross-functional teams such as technical legal finance sales and marketing. bringing creativity complex problem-solving skills entrepreneurial drive and unceasing spirit to all endeavors. skills strong business acumen managing cross functional teams motivational management style sales and pricing strategies customer-focused sales leader new product and market development strategic sourcing and hedging data-driven decision making demand prediction supply chain and resource management cost control and profit maximization project planning and development business forecasting and strategy ms office suite adobe photoshop macromedia flash and dreamweaver programming skills - html c c++ experience business
__label__ARTS administrative assistant summary to administrative assistant summary to acquire a challenging position with a reputable agency that will allow me the opportunity to showcase and further develop my skills and gain experience. highlights bilingual- fluent in both english and spanish active u.s. security clearance granted on march 2013 jpas access experience living abroad in quito ecuador ability to plan organize coordinate and direct technical proficiency macintosh windows software microsoft office word powerpoint excel outlook adobe creative suite 5 indesign and photoshop sharepoint social media experience administrative assistant 08/2013 to current i directly support the hospitality sector and attend weekly conference calls in which i record and draft the meeting minutes for later distribution amongst the team. i create and edit monthly reports for current hospitality projects on indesign and review for proper accuracy. i receive invoices from multiple projects and i am responsible for compiling the information and forwarding to the project manager for their approval before distributing the invoice packages. i schedule and coordinate appointments and sector meetings as needed. i assist the office by setting up conference calls and transferring calls to the appropriate person. i have developed various correspondences spreadsheets and have drafted rfps rfis and project contracts. i have successfully
__label__CHEF executive chef summary motivated executive chef summary motivated professional with exceptional skills as both chef and manager. over ten years of experience in the restaurant industry. exceptional leadership and interpersonal skills. proven ability to succeed in a high-pressure challenging environment while maintaining a calm demeanor. expertise in a variety of different cuisines and cooking techniques. highlights food safety and sanitation sous vide technique staff training and development menu development batch cooking ordering receiving labor food cost control experience 04/2014 to 08/2016 executive chef co-ordinated and executed meals for various corporate clients from parties ranging from 20 to 500 guests. implemented new cooking techniques and organizational protocols to lower food and labor cost. managed daily kitchen operations identified and provided solutions for any problem areas. developed new menus in accordance with guests dietary needs and restrictions vegan/vegetarian gluten-free etc. 06/2012 to 04/2014 chef/general manager developed food and beverage menu for a new fast-casual restaurant. created standardized recipes to maintain quality control. handled all hiring training scheduling and payroll. provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format. 06/2009 to 06/2012 chef de cuisine worked with executive chef to develop and execute a daily-changing menu in a fine-dining establishment. tasted and smelled all prepared
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary highly consultant professional summary highly motivated female with over 3years management experience and exceptional people skills looking to join a growing organization as part of the executive team. core qualifications results-oriented operations management client-focused microsoft office computer proficient quick learner file/records maintenance reports generation and analysis contract negotiation/review/drafting financial records and processing training and development change management contract auditing account management advertising budgeting business development client relations computer literate computer proficient creative problem solving customer needs assessment customer satisfaction customer service domestic and international experience expense control internal auditing lead development marketing multi-task management product development project management reporting experience consultant 05/2014 to current conducted detailed site analysis to address project overlapping which led to timely project completion and cost savings. provided onsite training. monitored multiple databases to keep track of all inventory. prepared departmental contracts for attorney approval. completed all insurance renewals including property workers compensation general liability cargo and aviation documents. successfully led key projects which resulted in positive outcome . planned and executed project . effectively controlled the release of proprietary and confidential information for general client lists. organized and coded all documents related to due diligence for acquisitions. . reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of
__label__AVIATION aviation records analyst summary aviation records analyst summary highly organized and detailed-oriented analyst with 15 years of professional experience providing expert problem resolution and customer support to u.s navy marine corp and civilian customers. highlights vast computer skills fluent communicator customer service expert extensive technical knowledge proven problem solver deadline-oriented experience june 2014 to current aviation records analyst utilize the skybooks aviation maintenance tracking application to provide aircraft configuration and maintenance program compliance data to build aircraft electronic logbooks accurately and in a timely manner within a web-based software application saas providing an all-around complete product to the aircraft owner / operator ensuring a precise aircraft maintenance planning and tracking tool. meticulously researched and accurately analyzed over 200 aviation logbooks and other forms of maintenance documentation provided by aircraft owner operators to determine compliance in accordance with specified maintenance requirements. expertly examined aircraft engine and aircraft specific component maintenance manuals and instructions for research airworthiness documents to determine required maintenance actions and associated intervals. february 2014 to june 2014 functional analyst provide information systems technical support including numerous windows servers and two linux servers supporting over 1 000 military and civilian customers. diligently conducted vital daily server system checks ensuring 100 system availability 24
__label__DESIGNER sr.tooling designer professional profile sr.tooling designer professional profile experienced mechanical designer creating high quality cad models and engineering drawings in a variety of technical manufacturing industries with experience working in manufacturing and advanced technology industries designing detailing assembling debugging and utilizing a strong machine shop background. design drafting experience includes equipment for tooling fixtures automated machines structural steel detailing sheet metal design engineering change order as well as red line drawing changes weldment fixtures and hands on fabrication autodesk inventor experience release 10 through 2015 and solidworks experience release 97 plus certified trained in 2008-2009 current work experience with 2010. drawing standards include compliant with ansi/asme ansi/aws as well as itar good understanding of both english metric geometric dimensioning and tolerancing techniques qualifications inventor modeling drafting techniques creating bills of materials detail-oriented interpersonal skills negotiation skills experience sr.tooling designer 01/2010 to current using autodesk inventor 2012 2015 and autocad 2015 to produce original tooling designs and working drawings. support of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities in trouble-shooting tooling design issues. processed engineering change requests to prepare and update drawings to current standards. gd t taskforce member working with a cross functional group to make drafting changes and standard for the metal packaging division. mechanical
__label__CONSULTANT fragrance consultant licenses phlebotomy fragrance consultant licenses phlebotomy certification 2014 electrocardiogram certification 2014 skill highlights accomplished in hematology laboratory diagnostic equipment sample checking quality control procedures strong work ethic professional experience fragrance consultant 11/2013 to 12/2013 greet clients provide knowledgeable service to clients communicate product knowledge sales. office manager 06/2007 to 06/2012 managing sales team. organizing daily logs. receiving and processing customer requests. customer service and sales activities. managing and inputting payroll. job quality control and monitoring.general assistance/administrative support for the owners of the company. customer service 01/2006 to 04/2007 customer service trouble shooting products direct selling customer support accounts management. education and training certification phlebotomy technician 2014 arkansas college of health careers united states electrocardiogram technician 2014 associate of arts general studies 2010 arkansas college of health careers united states general studies pulaski technical college united states skills administrative support clients customer service customer support detail oriented direct selling filing hematology managing medical coding organizing payroll phlebotomy processing customer requests quality control receiving sales specimen collection technician trouble shooting
__label__AVIATION aviation parts salesman career aviation parts salesman career focus earned a private pilot s license in august 2008 with a total time of 95 hours. familiar with airspace and pattern work as well as interacting with atc. hobbies include r/c aircraft gaming and windows computers. experience working with microsoft word powerpoint and excel. enrolled in the air force s rotc program from september 2009 to january 2011. learned valuable leadership skills as well as participated in the community with volunteer events such as the disability sports festival at the csusb campus in san bernardino ca. core qualifications education and training bachelor s degree professional aeronautics management and aviation safety 4 2014 embry riddle aeronautical university gpa gpa 3.8 gpa 4.00 gpa 3.8 gpa 4.00 professional aeronautics management and aviation safety 2009 silver valley high school united states gpa gpa 3.50 gpa 4.00 associate s degree professional aeronautics management safety aeronautical science and information systems 10 2012 embry riddle aeronautical university gpa gpa 3.8 gpa 4.00 gpa 3.8 gpa 4.00 professional aeronautics management safety aeronautical science and information systems human factors security aviation safety occupational safety and health air traffic control aircraft maintenance aeronautical science work experience aviation parts salesman 05/2013 to 01/2014 salary 14.00
__label__ARTS landscape technician professional profile landscape technician professional profile diligent and driven banking professional who has achieved success in a variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. an effective communicator and team-builder with strong analytical management and organizational skills. highlights analytical detail-oriented excellent communication skills strong work ethic risk management expertise excellent time management skills exceptional customer service ms office proficient experience 07/2015 - current loss prevention/ bsa analyst evaluate current fraud situations and formulate recommendations to reduce in the future use anti-money laundering aml software to review members activity for money laundering and other suspicious activity. review structuring reports if software is not functional. work cases and alerts generated by software documenting conclusions reached and actions taken. review member accounts to determine those posing higher risk. obtain and evaluate edd forms and information. file suspicious activity reports sars as necessary. provide effective written and oral communication with members concerning extended holds or possible fraudulent transactions or other security measures taken. document all actions accurately and timely. work with fraud and security managers in investigations and recoveries with operations when necessary to ensure fraud is limited/prevented with other financial institutions and merchants to process fraud claims 04/2014 - 07/2015 branch representative provided superior member
__label__SALES sales associate summary my sales associate summary my goal is to become associated with a where i can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the s productivity and reputation. experience 12/2014 to 02/2015 sales associate manage store alone 3rd shift stock items/coolers thoroughly clean parking lot sweep/mop store. 05/2012 to 09/2012 dishwasher/cook cooked and cleaned working out of a hawaiian food cart 01/2010 to 05/2015 landscaper customer service worked as landscaper in preston s tree service from jan 2010 to may 2015 role concrete/pavements roofing yard maintenance trim and cut trees pressure wash. education 2013 diploma david douglas high school 3.0 skills excellent customer service customer service works fast learner roofing
__label__SALES sales consultant professional summary sales consultant professional summary customer follow-up ensured that customers were satisfied with products and services by doing purchase follow-up calls. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. motivated sales professional offering 6 years of progressive retail experience. highly result oriented and energetic with unsurpassed interpersonal and communication strengths. skilled sales associate with 6 year track record of success. maintained professional and calm demeanor under pressure. thrive in high volume environments where knowledge composure and interpersonal abilities are keys to success. retail sales professional versed in product placement and merchandising. extensive experience in inventory management and shipment processing. punctual retail sales professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. flexible schedule and strong mathematical aptitude. enthusiastic outgoing and fashion-savvy sales associate proficient at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering superior customer service. retail sales associate with more than 6 years in the retail industry. areas of expertise include sales customer relations and inventory management. skills career overview i am a dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. results-driven customer services representative with proved ability to establish rapport with clients. highly enthusiastic customer service representative with 4+ year s
__label__ADVOCATE substitute teacher professional summary substitute teacher professional summary a self-motivated results oriented and resourceful professional focused on delivering compassionate patient experiences accompanied by organizational problem-solving interpersonal communications and excellent customer service skills and over 10 years in social services within the health care family and community. in addition to being an advocate for promoting happy healthy and balanced individuals i am proactive and adept at interacting effectively with the ability to multi-task effectively. core qualifications critical thinker understands medical procedures effectively influences others good written communication relationship and team building medical terminology knowledge cultural awareness and sensitivity cpr certified maintains strict confidentiality certified cna/hha medical assistant accomplishments received award for outstanding performance as housekeeping manager for the cleanness comfort suites inn hotel in our region. received awards for deans list acted as the department go-to person for challenging calls and clients. over ten years in volunteering in summer basketball camp and pads homeless shelter. experience substitute teacher aug 2014 to current filled in for absent teachers in emergency and on short and medium term assignments followed teaching programs set by regular teachers and prepared outlines when necessary set and corrected homework assignment and projects fostered safe positive and supportive learning environment ensured good order
__label__SALES sales associate core qualifications sales associate core qualifications working knowledge of microsoft office word powerpoint excel outlook publisher education and training may 2016 bachelor of science communications public relations political science salem university communications public relations political science work experience 12/2016 to current sales associate respond to member inquires via email or phone. establish referral programs using otf sales system. sell memberships or upgrades. 08/2016 to 11/2016 marketing coordinator promote ridesharing programs by hosting events at client locations. develop marketing flyers using publisher. manage all aspects of event production. support field directors in project management. manage social media accounts facebook twitter . intern helped film the malden holiday parade using editing skills. designed brochures for upcoming events. collaborated with members of the malden neighborhood. staff writer student -run campus newspaper. researched information for news articles using library and web sources. composed and edited informational articles as well as conduct interviews. gained knowledge in taking photographs and writing captions and sidebars. 11/2013 to 06/2016 customer service/sales representative help customers resolve billing questions collect payments and renew oil contracts. answer inbound calls and make outbound calls. promote oil as a safer choice. train new hires. skills billing brochures client editing email event production film marketing excel
__label__FINANCE student finance consultant summary student finance consultant summary customer service oriented individual with relevant work experience and integrity looking to further my career within the accounting industry. over four years of work experience within student finance. excellent communication skills including listening telephone written and interpersonal. in-depth knowledge of financial aid/ financial analyst/ account management policies and procedures. experience working with internal and external auditors in auditing accounting and regulatory compliance projects. core strengths strong ability to communicate explain and convince careful attention to detail and data entry skills math and analytical skills knowledge of basic accounting and auditing principles billing/ invoicing/ account reconciliation intermediate level computer skills accomplishments bringing the student default rate down at the omnitech institute by confirming and updating contact information for every active student before they become inactive researched and resolved billing problems that had previously been missed. audits maintained accurate student account files and spreadsheets without error experience student finance consultant july 2014 to current provided information advice and assistance regarding the various types of financial aid available to students. analyzed student applications and determined eligibility for financial aid. performs duties in the areas of compliance reconciliation professional judgment and satisfactory academic progress collect documents manage and maintain accurate
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary financial accountant accountant summary financial accountant specializing in financial planning reporting and analysis within the department of defense. highlights account reconciliations results-oriented financial reporting critical thinking accounting operations professional analysis of financial systems erp enterprise resource planning software. excellent facilitator accomplishments served on a tiger team which identified and resolved general ledger postings in deams totaling 360b in accounting adjustments. this allowed for the first successful fiscal year-end close for 2012. in collaboration with dfas europe developed an automated tool that identified duplicate obligations. this tool allowed hq usafe to deobligate over 5m in duplicate obligations. experience july 2011 to november 2012 accountant enterprise resource planning office ero in this position as an accountant assigned to the defense enterprise accounting and management system deams ero i was responsible for identifying and resolving issues affecting the deams general ledger. i worked with teammates from the procure to pay orders to cash and budget to report areas to resolve daily challenges encountered with the deployment of deams to additional customers and when system change requests were promoted to production. i supported the testing of scripts patches and system change requests ensuring any anomalies were identified to the deams functional management office for action by
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology analyst summary information technology analyst summary to pursue a caring and creative career where i can apply my existing knowledge acquire new skills and contribute effectively to this nation s future our children. having prior experience in it field exploring the field to be with children lead to do the early childhood education course and be the part of the little bud s life. skills apple art book oral concept conflict resolution cpr creativity designing direction documentation first aid flash fundraising drawing instruction materials meetings organizing philosophy express read recording safety sound teacher teaching transportation experience 09/2010 to 09/2011 information technology analyst i believe that each child has their own potential and interests and curiosity in learning. designing an organized classroom setup positive and welcoming caring and secured safe-risk taking theme based and discussions on their interests during class meetings would create warm atmosphere and environment to grow in every domain of development socially emotionally physically and intellectually. i believe the teacher needs to be a supportive person as well as a guide in providing the information and plans for hands on activities with tools and materials that help them for self-discovery and understand the lesson in curriculum. letting kids be kids
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development marketing summary business development marketing summary business administrative professional with over 5 years of experience providing advanced office support to busy organizations. strong contract administration skill budget management and client relation skills. highlights florida public notary knowledge of hippa policies guidelines patient safety. medicaid billing using igea+ software ability to coordinate complex projects goal-oriented individual with strong leadership capabilities. excellent calendar management skills contract administration skills microsoft office proficiency meticulous attention to detail self-directed experience business development marketing november 2013 to september 2015 - acts as a public relations representative externally and internal conducts facility visits as directed by the ceo maintain a high-profile visibility within the emergency transport service community represent the cai in different conferences. management of social media accounts. liaison between cai and patient s family posted open positions on and social media websites. created powerpoint presentations used for business development. cooperated with medicare medicaid and private insurance providers to resolve billing issues. office duties in general corporate associate / hr assistant august 2011 to october 2013 - properly routed agreements contracts and invoices through the signature process. organized files developed spreadsheets faxed reports and scanned documents. made copies sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence. dissolutions
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary degreed accountant accountant summary degreed accountant with more than 10 years of diversified accounting experience seeking accounting position at a well-established in houston highlights team-oriented detail-oriented deadlines focused excellent communication and presentation skills quick learner strong management skills good analytical skills ability of managing multi tasks technical skills accounting software peoplesoft / quickbooks tax software drake / ultra tax / turbotax operating systems xp windows professional / windows 7/ windows 8 microsoft office word / advanced ms excel skills /ms access / powerpoint / outlook pdf adobe reader / adobe acrobat x experience 04/2012 to 06/2014 accountant prepare federal tax returns for individuals and small businesses. perform bookkeeping and prepare financial statements for small businesses. perform special projects short-term assignments such as accountant at mct sheet metal inc. 10/2011 to 04/2012 tax accountant contributed to the overall production and enhanced the efficiency of the corporate tax services by exceeding production goals. answered clients queries regarding their tax filing status. resolved clients tax filing problems. prepared simple and complex tax returns for individuals and for small businesses. prepared and reviewed financial statements needed to prepare tax returns. 01/2007 to 08/2011 accounting manager established new strategies to maximize profitability. played an overwhelming role in
__label__CHEF co-owner/manager/ chef professional summary co-owner/manager/ chef professional summary thank you in advance for allowing me to respond to this amazing opportunity. creative motivated and relationship-oriented individual who enjoys empowering others to reach personal and business goals. works well in an environment that emphasizes creativity autonomy and decision-making. possesses the ability to organize plan and execute ideas from conception to completion. utilizes a unique blend of strengths from artistic to communicative to fulfill any position powerfully. organizations communities for all ages - a non-profit weed seed initiative that provides intergenerational strategies for community building. resulting in expanded social networks increased civic engagement and leadership among multiple generations. this organization allowed for me to learn the art of alliance building. we chose those alliances that possessed strong leadership practices. i am a part of a mentorship program through this organization. proactive media and communications professional with number years in internal and external communications social media blogging and editorial media relations. strategic marketing and communications consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding. possesses a strong work ethic as well as exceptional writing editing and research skills. strategic marketing and communications consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding. possesses a strong work
__label__CHEF bartender / server trainer bartender / server trainer / banquet event captain summary seeking a position with a dedicated to growth as well as acknowledgment of extraordinary efforts/achievements. i am a results driven individual with a professional work ethic and verifiable sales and sales management experience. i possess excellent interpersonal communication and relationship-building skills can listen attentively communicate persuasively and follow through diligently. i consider myself a leader striving to achieve continuous success in all facets of business sales and management while simultaneously providing the means for my team to also reach exponential success. highlights leadership / business development hard-worker customer acquisition referral/repeat business generation public speaking objection handling consultative sales team player bilingual accomplishments received deans list or presidents list every academic semester achieved highest sales promotion in the within 9 months in two new territories awarded to vector marketing s president s club in both the spring summer campaign of 2012 see letter or recommendation trained in negotiation and time management increased customer attendance on slowest days at the bar by providing fast friendly and memorable service named employee of the month on multiple occasions field trained new hires offering a model of successful performance conducted interviews for over 110 applicants collaborated
__label__SALES sales representative summary a sales representative summary a customer service representative in the hospitality industry seeking employment with a well-established to further build my experience in the hospitality industry with the skills i ve learnt as a medical assistant and also my prior experience in the service industry. my goal is to ensure positive and safe travels. highlights cheerful and energetic effective team player flexible scheduling dependable and reliable active listening verbal/written communication experience 06/2016 to current sales representative compiled reports such as cash receipts customer-bill charges and sales for accounting and management purposes or supervised clerical workers preparing reports. dealt tactfully and effectively with difficult customers. proven performer with demonstrated ability to gain account loyalty and win preferential treatment for products. wrote proposals and assisted customers in developing an appropriate marketing campaign or program based on individual goals. researched previous customer advertising to determine viable customers to meet sales quotas and identify potential customers for upcoming special advertising sections. developed and managed promotional activities aimed at enhancing product awareness. generated new accounts and built annual revenues. ensured that distribution merchandising and price-point objectives were achieved. 02/2016 to current bar tender analyzed customer requirements for future products. dealt tactfully and effectively with difficult customers.
__label__BANKING financial editor assistant summary financial editor assistant summary strong motivated graduate student who s pursuing master s degree in finance. seeking an entry level internship in financial area that can utilize financial analysis skills and enhance practical experience. honest persistent adaptable and a quick learner. passion in financial analysis and financial service related works. highlights financial modeling superior time management self-motivated professional advanced computer proficiency both pc and mac ms office suite sales and marketing quick learner experience financial editor assistant 10/2013 to 01/2014 analyzed the public opinion by follow-up and study abroad macroeconomic situation sorted the context of major events in domestic and international explored historical data and related data of the specified topic then implemented preliminary analysis under the guidance of research director customer manager assistant 06/2013 to 09/2013 researched beneficial financing opportunities and made recommendations to customers assisted in created release and project plans and established stakeholder expectations analyzed financial information obtained from clients to determine strategies for meeting clients financial objectives. customer manager assistant 03/2013 to 06/2013 assisted customers with complex loan application and s orted an average of 1 million mortgage loan applicants per month performed daily maintenance of the loan applicant database assisted in analyzing applicants financial status
__label__HEALTHCARE aircraft hydraulics journyman summary aircraft hydraulics journyman summary seeking a position as a stocker/receiver for paris walmart super center. adaptive team player with the ability to take and follow orders as well as take on other responsibilities as needed. strongly committed to enhancing customer experience and boosting success. highlights friendly professional demeanor safety awareness well-organized detail oriented adaptive hands-on learner jlg manlift operations hands-on experience with cam software interpersonal written and verbal communication works well independently or with team confidentiality capable of heavy lifting experience home health care provider 07/2019 to 02/2020 - worked to improve and enhance client lives through effective and compassionate care assisted residents with bathing dressing grooming feeding lifting and transferring provided clients with assistance in completing such tasks as purchasing supplies paying bills and bookkeeping effectively reducing daily burden on family members completed health management tasks by setting and transporting clients to appointments monitored progress and documented any client health status changes keeping healthcare team updated to resolve issues and address concerns interacted kindly with clients and families and displayed positive outgoing attitude resulting in establishment of long-term professional relationships aircraft hydraulics systems journeyman 04/2016 to 05/2019 - performed inspections serviced systems removed repaired and installed components performed basic
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology professional summary dynamic information technology manager with 13 years of it leadership experience including oversight of infrastructure application support and cybersecurity services. dedicated to customer satisfaction with focused delivery of technical solutions. proven leader in directing operations maintenance and support of complex systems. develops creative business solutions leveraging diverse methodologies and delivering engineering solutions for leading organizations. highly adept in request for proposal development technology needs assessments and staff training. successful in motivating teams to meet demanding timelines by utilizing critical thinking resource and conflict management and facilitating stakeholder engagement. innovative and driven with passion for delivering forward thinking emerging trend technologies. skills agile framework business intelligence change management collaboration conflict resolution critical thinking data migration information technology management insurance itil organization and time management perl problem-solving project lifecycle management project management and leadership python risk assessment salesforce admin and crm sdlc six sigma sql microsoft and oracle excellent verbal and written communication agile functional project leadership written communication ai information technology project management budgeting insurance python budgets itil quality budget leadership research business intelligence marketing risk assessment business process re-engineering access sales change management excel scheduling conflict resolution migration sdlc critical thinking network design six
__label__ARTS co- founder/therapist and teaching co- founder/therapist and teaching artist summary mental health counselor specializing in art and play therapies . responsible self-starter who communicates well and is dedicated to improving the well-being of clients. mental health professional driven to help others overcome personal obstacles. comfortable working autonomously or in a team-based setting. clinically certified mental health therapist skilled at motivating communicating and advocating for clients dealing with mental health and emotional disorders. expert in dbt and psychotherapy. seasoned mental health practitioner with demonstrated track record of successfully working with diverse client populations in one-on-one and group settings. skilled therapist with expertise on the identification and management of youth mental illnesses. seasoned mental health practitioner with demonstrated track record of successfully working with diverse client populations in one-on-one and group settings. mental health professional driven to help others overcome personal obstacles. comfortable working autonomously or in a team-based setting. skills knowledge of the ins and outs of child protective services cps practiced in family assessments family therapy aptitude therapeutic expertise specialized training in grief counseling family therapy background parenting skills educator community resources specialist suicide precautions expertise suicide risk assessments suicide risk assessments superior communication skills medicaid familiarity psychiatric population familiarity outreach programming specialist solution-focused
