__label__TEACHER math teacher menrit mansour math teacher menrit mansour professional summary educational professional accomplished in organizing teacher curricula creating full year course pacing guides creating and implementing engaging and interactive lessons that combine real-life experience and provide the highest level of education for each student. skills word excel and powerpoint advanced knowledge and skills in using media tools for teaching purposes such as prezi presentations youtube video creation wiki pages mathematica and popplet managing classroom for diverse populations strong collaborator technological instruction effective time management tailoring curriculum plans positive learning environment classroom discipline student motivation managing classroom for diverse populations strong collaborator technological instruction effective time management tailoring curriculum plans positive learning environment classroom discipline student motivation work history math teacher 08/2014 to current lead teacher 01/2013 to 01/2014 for math 7 4 classrooms and intervention for math 7 1 classroom prepared all pertinent materials assigned and graded all class work and homework assignments created overall unit plans for each classroom and daily lesson plans to accommodate each set of students and their needs in collaboration with other teachers and common core standards differentiated materials for english language learners and learners with special needs or learning disabilities attended and participated in math 7 teacher focus
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician summary a engineering technician summary a challenging position in a manufacturing engineering or research development environment where my overall technical background along with my leadership and decision making capabilities will be combined to contribute to goals enlargement productivity. highlights excellent communication techniques lean principles knowledge microsoft excel word engineering operational functions manufacturing systems integration assembly drawing design instruction creation accomplishments mastered engineering software programs including labview and erp systems such as microsoft ax dynamics trained new and current employees for both operating procedures and manufacturing disciplines used operational knowledge of systems parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly. personally managed production activities to guarantee 90 of orders were shipped on-time. contributed to an increase in productivity through improvements in operations quality safety and administration. promoted to production supervisor within 8 years of employment. experience engineering technician april 2015 to current executing protocols for new system integration help design verify test fixtures are reliable for manufacturing sustainability mechanically assemble components to specifications outlined by engineering work on various projects with lab setup supply ordering and test execution tasks conduct bench testing and analyze data for final report system testing verification analysis software configuration testing. applied engineering principles to develop and
__label__SALES sales summary enthusiastic and sales summary enthusiastic and outgoing customer service associate proficient at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering superior customer service. skilled in establishing rapport with clients. self-motivated with exceptional communication and computer capabilities. highlights exceptional communication skills upselling techniques quick learner merchandising credit card processing stocking strategic sales knowledge skilled problem solver proficient in cash management cash handling accuracy banking and financial services background organized detail-oriented excellent multi-tasker display design flexible schedule proficient in ms office experience sales 10/2014 to 09/2015 greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed. described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions. bagged boxed or gift-wrapped sold merchandise per customer s request. provided ongoing guest service including giving fashion advice. maintained cleanliness and presentation of stock room and production floor. built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. routinely answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing. asked open-ended questions to assess customer needs. designed displays to make the store experience interactive engaging and reassuring. learned referenced and applied product knowledge information.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development specialist summary business development specialist summary dynamic and reliable banking professional with 15 years of retail banking customer service and consulting experience. many years as a trainer has instilled an adapt and connect way of thinking always ready for the ever-changing industry of banking. highlights management customer service sales analytical presentation training coaching creative solutions accomplishments -selected as a member of various corporate projects at ibc bank first national bank plainscapital bank. -elected board president for a community involvement organization. -selected as a member in edinburg leadership class xx. -served as project chair for numerous community outreach events. experience business development specialist 11/2014 current served as liaison between credit union and major local vehicle dealership. serve as key component in their solution to the lack of indirect lending. initiate lending processes for the purchase of used and new vehicles for prospective members and follow through to the close of loan. cross-sold other convenient bank products meant to gain prospect s entire financial relationship. owner/partner 07/2011 current mr. mister is a privately created and privately owned by my brother father and i to meet the cooling needs of the residents of south texas. mr. mister designs installs and maintains customized high-pressure mist cooling
__label__CHEF summary i am a summary i am a kitchen manager with six years in boh operations. demonstrated team leadership with excellent staff management skills.i am also a motivated chef with 5+ years experience in fast-paced restaurant kitchens. looking to work for a were i can put my talent and skill to good use i am a hands on manager and very well respected amongst my employees or staff members nothing has very been giving to me and i work very hard to earn every title or promotion i ve ever held . i give 110 always focus on my goal to give my every best to all i do. and not afraid to start from the bottom as a line cook or sous chef and work my way up to the top . with a good respectable hard working food service professional kitchen manager / catering and events chef highlights servsafe certified high volume production capability focused and disciplined well-tuned palette focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity bilingual english/spanish chef at sun tower hotel on fort lauderdale beach cash handling reliable and punctual reliable team worker neat clean and professional appearance comfortable standing for long time periods delivers exceptional customer service
__label__AVIATION paralegal summary licensed paralegal paralegal summary licensed paralegal demonstrating confidence and tenacity in project analysis as well as sound business judgment. highlights working knowledge of all aspects of the discovery process demonstrated ability to conduct legal research using westlaw highly skilled at organizing and presenting information objectively hands-on experience with practicemaster and tabs3 legal proficient in managing clerical duties pertinent to a law office experience paralegal january 2013 general litigation commercial litigation bankruptcy estate planning worker s compensation researching legal issues on west law digesting various legal documents and providing fact summary reports to attorney drafting issues via inter-office memorandums managing attorney s schedule by logging important dates and tasks on the network reviewing and analyzing attorney s work for grammar error drafting cover letters preparing motion packets corresponding with opposing counsel and courthouse administration advising clients of changes in the status of their case scheduling depositions managing client files on network through s practice management system practice master e-filing time-sensitive legal documents with various courts preparing pleadings binders and trial exhibits for court ardex laboratories 2050 byberry road. receptionist january 2009 to january 2013 provided quality customer service to guests upon entering lobby answered high volumes of calls on a multi-line phone system
__label__FITNESS fitness staff career focus fitness staff career focus i carry a positive attitude while interacting with people. hard-working friendly and energetic with five years of experience in customer/patient care. motivated to help and care for others needs. i am always interested in expanding my knowledge in new working environments. core qualifications detail oriented cpr and first aid certified personable and friendly responsible dedicated nutrition supplement familiarity great communication skills fast learner education and training high school diploma 2010 esperanza high school regestered dental assistant license registered dental assistant 2011 uei college personal training certification personal training 2016 nafc work experience fitness staff march 2016 to current established and maintained effective communication with members maintained an organized work area contributed to the operation of a clean friendly and well maintained health club. re-racked weights to maintain a neat organized and clean club. worked with customer service to resolve issues. handled account balances and information handled telephone inquiries. receptionist/ office clerk october 2014 to march 2016 answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. used time efficiently when not serving customers including organizing work stations and filing paper work. handling and securing personal information for credit reports and financing. communicated clear requirements for
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary confident finance manager summary confident and sales-oriented finance manager with over three year experience and track record of sales success. exceptional professional selling skills enhanced by leadership and refined by a formal education and specialized sales-related training. incomparable customer service and unique interpersonal skills. excellent team player and can work independently with little direction resourceful and high energy personality. highly flexible and adaptable to dynamic needs effective problem solver facilitator. proficient with adp reynolds reynolds ucs and dealertrack experience 11/2003 to 05/2004 finance manager demonstrated continuous growth and achievements within the automotive industry. solid business insight with the ability to ascertain needs for customers to increase profits. tracked and disbursed all loans in a timely manner communicated full contract disclosures and accurately controlled paperwork flow. maintained a strong working relationship with all lenders for four franchises. 02/2002 to 10/2002 finance manager developed a strong rapport with customers to ensure satisfaction. identified needs of customers to proactively sell products to meet their needs and exceed florida quotas. excellent rapport building skillful presentation and effective closing skills. extensive professional training in the areas of sales relationship building and leadership. 03/2001 to 02/2002 finance manager efficiently analyzed all personal lines of credit to determine
__label__HR hr specialist summary results-driven hr specialist summary results-driven professional with comprehensive experience in human resources customer service and financial services strengths include problem-solving strategic thinking and creativity known as a self-motivated individual with the ability to work well with others in fast-paced environments with outstanding communication skills. highlights recruiting employee relations personnel records maintenance new hire orientation exceptional interpersonal skills workday proficient accomplishments dlodldl experience hr specialist jul 2013 to current support the hr operations service delivery model by serving as a primary contact for escalated issues related to human resource services e.g. employee benefits recruiting on-boarding relocation leaves of absence workforce administration etc . actively listen interpret and articulate the needs of the customer employees human resources team members and management to ensure timely research and resolution of escalated issues. monitor and maintain case management / ticketing queues to ensure cases are assigned and resolved within stated service levels as well as to ensure accurate documentation of case status and issue resolution. seek guidance on more complex issues from senior team members and/or internal/external partners as needed as well as follow established approval processes for all issues requiring resolution outside the standard. provide support to sr. hr analysts hr analysts and management with
__label__CONSTRUCTION loan assistant/commercial construction real loan assistant/commercial construction real estate/small business loans summary to obtain a position in the banking/lending field with an emphasis on customer service where i can provide added value to the and its clients while at the same time seeking challenges to gain more knowledge and experience to further my career. 22+ years of experience in customer service 13 years of experience in commercial real estate lending 7 years of experience working with distressed/workout loans 2 years of sba loan experience motivated self-starter with strong organization communication and customer service skills highlights microsoft windows excel word outlook alchemy loan file database m files loan file program fidelity ability to grow and adapt in a fast paced environment excellent verbal and written communication skills strong leadership and organizational skills effective time management and multi task capabilities experience 04/2012 to current loan assistant/commercial construction real estate/small business loans primary point of contact for the customer throughout the loan closing process. prepare proposal letter and checklist for borrowers for each approved new loan. collect and manage all necessary due diligence. order appraisals environmental phase i and other reports related to each loan. work closely with documentation and disbursement teams. review loan documents and prepare
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant career business development consultant career focus self starter customer focused and detail oriented business professional with multiple industry business development experience complemented by staffing industry and human resources experience specializing in business implementation and recruiting. proven track record of consistently exceeding corporate objectives and quotas. highly articulate and persuasive communicator able to reach individuals and groups from all organizational levels. ability to liaison between clients human resources sales and management. strong writing editing and presentation skills. extensive background in networking building customer relations presentation sales marketing follow up and project coordination. highly skilled strategic thinker able to plan and implement client orientation program that achieve organizational objectives and business development goals. summary of skills microsoft office programs sharepoint peoplesoft adp payroll and internet applications and research. accomplishments human resources reduced employee turnover by 10 in one year. sales marketing increased accessory world s revenue by 25 in less than 3 months. recruiting developed recruiting plans marketed and hosted job fairs which filled 120 hard to fill building inspector and plans examiner vacancies for the of houston s permitting center in a period of six months by sourcing and recruiting nationwide. business development promoted to the largest territory for workforce solutions post
__label__TEACHER teacher summary committed and teacher summary committed and highly dedicated professional with over fifteen years of extensive experience teaching counseling and mentoring people from diverse backgrounds. experienced in planning and implementing intervention plans.possessing excellent diagnostic behavioral intervention and behavioral monitoring skills. highlights school writing department chair current 5th grade level chair current over 10 years experience within single and traditional urban public schools educational arena comprehensive understanding and strategic in teaching georgia milestone constructive responses flexible and adaptive experienced in differentiated instruction calm under pressure critical thinker excellent speaker and presenter accomplishments increased both traditional and those within the e.i.p. setting to improve test scores leading to an average of 85 meeting or exceeding on the english language arts 2014-2015 c.r.c.t. exam. led 2014-2015 e.i.p. homeroom to a 100 meet or exceed passing rate on the c.r.c.t reading. improved 5th grade writing test scores at hutchinson elementary resulting to a 95 passing percentage on the georgia writing test for 2013-2014. designed and conducted school wide workshops on common core standards and their potential impact upon georgia education. created and presented parenting workshops on various topics including parent participation and motivating unmotivated students. developed community based male mentoring programs including project l.o.n.g and our squad
__label__AVIATION customer service representative career customer service representative career focus dedicated and skilled cash administrator who excels at prioritizing and completing multiple tasks simultaneously. committed to delivering high quality results within a timely manner with little to no supervision. energetic organized and professional. summary of skills microsoft office excel and powerpoint proficiency quick learner outstanding interpersonal skills issue resolution excellent analytical skills cooperative team member computer proficient extremely organized energetic and organized attention to detail education and coursework associate of applied science paralegal 2016 central piedmont community college member of national honor society on paralegal lambda epsilon chi 3.56 gpa experience customer service data organization policy development reporting technology proficient document organization multitasking inventory management managed cash inventory and office budgeting for supplies for lowe s home improvment. demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. developed and created effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing. developed a strong knowledge of hardware and software while keeping abreast of new applications that increased efficiency and productivity for management and customers. maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for customer projects. improved office organization by compiling daily budget reports organizational charts and data reports using advanced veribalance functions. handled customers effectively
__label__SALES sales associate summary reliable sales associate summary reliable and friendly worker who quickly learns and masters new concepts and skills. passionate about helping customers and creating a satisfying shopping experience. highly energetic outgoing and detail-oriented. handles multiple responsibilities simultaneously while providing exceptional customer service. high-achieving sales associate offering an extensive background in customer service sales client relations and merchandising. self-directed and self-motivated team player who also works well independently. highlights cash handling accuracy organized time management detail-oriented excellent multi-tasker strong communication skills proficient in ms office flexible schedule accomplishments 2014-15 asu scholastic award 2010-2014 westview high school honor roll proficient in microsoft office word excel powerpoint valid driver s license food handler s card experience june 2015 to current sales associate ensure great customer service by assisting in location availability and selection of merchandise maintain store selling floor fitting rooms visual displays presentation and conditions assist in daily store recovery before during or after store opening hours promote current sales and promotions to customers including pricing of merchandise adhere to policies procedures and loss prevention practices complete sales transactions and maintain proper accountability at registers process merchandise returns and exchanges courteously and under guidelines support all management leads and sales team at all times
__label__SALES sales summary office customer sales summary office customer service experienced reliable dynamic responsible strong problem solving skills organized summary of qualifications dedicated and self-motivated individual offering a great background in office environment with hands-on experience in quality customer service. able to produce results above client and employer expectation. excellent communication organization and time management skills. strong multi-tasking abilities needing little or no supervision. work well both independently and as a contributing member of the team. proficient in microsoft office suite and the internet. enthusiastic personal assistant who is a fast learner and can deliver results quickly.energetic motivated assistant who is highly organized and skilled at balancing the needs of clients in both personal and professional capacities.accurate assertive and adaptable personal assistant who can effectively multi-task in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines.outstanding personal assistant driven to provide excellent support to busy business professionals with little guidance. expert in excel functions and multi-tasking. highlights database facsimile filing inventory materials mail money office machines photocopiers pricing and sales scanners telephones and voice mail. experience sales mar 2015 to current collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. provided accurate and appropriate information in
__label__HEALTHCARE certified personal trainer professional certified personal trainer professional summary certified personal trainer 4+ years of experience with formal training in business development leadership health and fitness. extensive sales and customer service experience.passionate about designing exercise and nutrition plans to maximize workout efficiency improve fitness boost stamina and increase overall well being. very goal-oriented and self-motivated with talent in motivating others and developing a foundation to meet individual client goals and most important of all creating a warm environment in which clients of all ages can successfully achieve health and wellness goals. core qualifications fitness issa certified cpr and first aid certified aed certification weight management expert personable and friendly fitness programming specialist fitness assessments understanding of human anatomy construction osha certified nccer certified permit processing safe job site set-up power and hand tool operation ms office proficient organized and detail-oriented superb management skills leadership construction machinery operation strong communication skills detail-oriented friendly and hardworking experience certified personal trainer february 2014 to current taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury. assisted older adults with weight training programs by setting up equipment and providing detailed instructions. contributed to the operation of a clean friendly and well maintained health club. recorded training sessions and
__label__CHEF sous chef summary to sous chef summary to bring my positive attitude strong work ethic and strong team attitude to a new career opportunity. highlights adaptive team player customer service expert strong organizational skills deadline-driven focused and driven positive attitude accomplishments supported all kitchen operations when chef was absent. assisted in maintaining preparation and service areas in a sanitary condition. received 4 exceeds expectations ratings on performance reviews. recognized by peers and management for going above and beyond normal job functions. work experience sous chef march 2013 to current assisted co-workers. checked the quantity and quality of received products cleaned and prepared various foods for cooking or serving trained staff of14emp for correct facility procedures safety codes proper recipes and plating techniques. frequently switched between positions as cold food prep soup station chef and relief chef mid shift to support changing needs of large industrial kitchen. instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation cooking garnishing and presentation of food planned and prepared food for parties holiday meals luncheons special functions and other social events prepared a variety of foods according to customers orders or supervisors instructions prepared dishes following recipe or verbal instructions stocked and rotated products stocked supplies and paper goods in
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary to accountant professional summary to obtain a position in a fast-paced business office environment demanding a strong organizational technical and interpersonal position utilizing my skills and attributes. attributes self-motivated and honest good work ethic effective working alone or as a cooperative team member reliable and hard-working thorough in completing projects committed to excellent customer service core qualifications intermediate word advanced excel powerpoint intermediate access accounts receivable accounts payable quickbooks enterprise outlook customer service experience accountant january 2011 to november 2015 processed accounts receivables payments received by ach lockbox credit card and checks. maintained all banking activity. documented all loan and other payments to the proper g/l accounts. review and maintain all positive pay processing with the bank. review and processed accounts payables reports. processed all accounts payables by check domestic and international wires ach and credit card. reconcile all bank statements. maintained all credit card activity for all credit card holders documented transactions to the proper g/l accounts. calculate and process all sales quarterly commission reports. review and complete all credit checks and reference checks on new customers. maintain and file the quarterly reports for the job development credit with the of south carolina. order passports and visa s for international
__label__FITNESS manager / fitness instructor manager / fitness instructor summary enthusiastic customer service/telesales representative with in-depth knowledge of sales account management and training. results-driven manager with proven ability to establish rapport with clients. a very hands-on hardworking and highly motivated individual. results-driven specialist who can multi-task while staying organized and focused.energetic motivated specialist who is highly organized and skilled at balancing the needs of clients in both personal and professional capacities. customer service and sales expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems. talented customer service associate skilled at balancing customer needs and demands. effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals. customer service representative who maintains a high level of professionalism patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty. highlights high customer service standards dedicated to process improvement strong problem solving ability strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution energetic work attitude adaptive team player self-motivated excellent communication skills natural leader thrives under pressure fast learning customer friendly coordination skills experience manager / fitness instructor january 2014 to current cultivated positive relationships with participants by interacting with them during group fitness classes. explained the use of exercise equipment to all
__label__FITNESS o site lead/process analyst o site lead/process analyst summary i am seeking a position that challenges my current experience and grants the opportunity to make a measurable impact. much of my experience is transferable specifically in the areas of business strategic planning process development problem resolution customer service attention to detail. i also look forward to further developing my skills and talents within the contest of the organization. i am a strong planner and problem solver who readily and easily adapts to change. i work well individually or within the context of a team and consistently exceeds expectations. able to manage multiple priorities and meet tight deadlines without compromising quality. skills leadership development training process development bank reconciliations office management conflict resolution complex problem resolution strategic planning records management performance tracking business recovery and sustainability interpersonal customer service spreadsheets/reports all forms of communication including verbal written and digital computer skills microsoft office suite workday program kronos regloginc arrow and cpi fidelity quickbooks accomplishments multiple awards for performance. cut operating expenses by 45 year over year by created new workflow process that enhanced efficiency reduced office expenses by finding smarter solutions for vendors suppliers and services. five years of training on leadership development and mentorship
__label__DESIGNER project manager/cad designer experience project manager/cad designer experience 05/2015 to current project manager/cad designer oversee and manage all commercial and residential iron railing security door gate and window well cover projects. interact with customers templating timeframes provide design ideas and solutions etc. . coordinate installs with in-house installers as well as other contractors. draft custom hand rails stair rails gates doors along with any other miscellaneous projects using sketchup pro. provide the shop with detailed blueprints cut lists and install sheets answer fabrication questions. 06/2014 to 05/2015 welder/fabricator make templates for custom handrails. fabrication and installation of commercial and residential stair railings deck railings and balusters. on-site welding and fabrication. 05/2012 to 09/2012 strip vehicles strip upholstery seats floors convertible tops and headliners . repaired seat foam chrome and leather address pro shipping company. 01/2010 to 10/2014 miscellaneous inserting packaging and hand work. education 2014 grandview high school may 2015 pickens technical college certifications safety in welding oxy-acetylene welding and cutting plasma torch cutting blueprint and welding symbol reading positions 1-4 gmaw fcaw smaw with and without backing knowledge of destructive and non-destructive testing entry level aluminum gtaw and carbon gtaw 2014 and 2015 skills usa competition basic/smaw/semi-automatic welding certificate basic/smaw/semi-automatic/aws entry level welder
__label__BANKING corporate controller summary flexible corporate controller summary flexible controller who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. 20 years of accounting / finance experience leadership - staff executive team merger acquisition experience - international public private equity firms diverse - manufacturing software facilities/staffing mortgage/bank education airline multiple corporate structures - fortune 200 public private international multi-state multi-million dollar accounts - general ledger cash mgt fixed assets budgets forecasts experience september 2017 to current corporate controller oversaw accounting functions of 30-person staff - accounts payable accounts receivable general accounting taxes payroll and cash management. finance lead for acquisition that grew almost tenfold -kimco facility services llc. created and acquired a portion of another through a private equity firm. revenue grew from 18m to 175m increased employees from 500 to 8 000 in 48 states. grew accounting department from 6 to approximately 30 hired trained new staff. led financial transition for accounts payable accounts receivable payroll and general accounting within 6 months met transition team deadlines. set up new internal financial system / database for payroll accounts payable etc. established new bank relationship and accounts for s finances. primary contact with bank for account implementation day-to-day finances. setup ach and positive pay files automatic
__label__ADVOCATE human resources professional professional human resources professional professional summary experienced working in fast-paced environments demanding strong organizational technical and interpersonal skills. highly trustworthy ethical and discreet committed to superior customer service. confident and poised in interactions with individuals at all levels. detail-oriented and resourceful in completing projects able to multitask effectively. skills networking and partnership development decision making report preparation human resources management systems procedure compliance in-person and telephone interviewing employment data tracking new hire onboarding orientation termination documentation conflict resolution documentation and recordkeeping willingness to learn remote conferencing and communication microsoft office employee and applicant assessment work history 07/2018 to 01/2021 human resources professional with hands on experience in distribution environment. employee relations/conflict resolution and policy/process guidance. initial workforce hiring pre-acquisition due diligence and post-acquisition hr integration. completed 2 days of onboarding process every week. ranging from initial presentation on companies policies and overview to revising e-verify process making badges and assuring system certifications fdu were completed upon starting in their new role. managed and updated personnel files for old and new hires in the human resources information system database lawson . assessed and streamlined training coach program to drive consistency of s processes. fostered a teamwork environment conducive to positive dialogue across
__label__ARTS administrative assistant/site clerk career administrative assistant/site clerk career overview committed and motivated administrative assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. but most important to show that i am capable and open for changes skill highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets time management dedicated team player self-directed spreadsheet development self-directed professional and mature mail management resourceful strong interpersonal skills core accomplishments multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols. administration answered multiple phone lines transferred calls to corresponding employees. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. professional experience administrative assistant/site clerk mar 2007 to current managed the receptionist area including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. i have entered work order request to building services
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction summary the purpose construction summary the purpose of submitting my resume to your is to obtain a position with the opportunity to utilize my training and skills in the technician industry. i am experienced in warehouse and technician field -wiring 508 a ul soft starters hard starters while assuring a high level of excellent customer service and satisfaction with maximum productivity and maintaining a clean and safe warehouse. also with security experience with skills in microsoft office applications including word excel cctv and powerpoint i am also competent in customer service satisfaction for installing direct tv and having the ability to gain knowledge of certain products and being able to sell them to the public. i have solid leadership and communication skills. i am also a positive person willing to take on different tasks and eager to learn. these skills are exemplified in my previous employment with sprecher + schuh. as a wire-man and a warehouse worker my duties ranged from being able to sale products to answering inquires or repair and wiring enclosures. by applying for this position will allow me to expand professionally and develop and learn new skills. i am a team player-i enjoy being a positive outlet for my
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary building design consultant summary building design and construction manager extensive management leadership in successful operations devising strategies to measurably improve corporate profit. adept at acquiring developing and managing building construction projects across a wide range of project types. expertise in executing the work while managing staff and accounting. key skills include business development building construction estimating scheduling contracts and negotiations building design and project management. experience 01/1996 to current consultant expanded new business opportunities in texas for program management firm. developed contacts with owners and architects to develop relationships and solicit project possibilities. provided project management and cost consulting services to owners and architects on major higher education k-12 and healthcare projects. worked with contractors and construction managers to reconcile estimates schedules and scope changes. advised owners developers and lending institutions in contracting with architects engineers constructors and subcontractors. project involvement includes design and construction of educational healthcare apartment complexes retail hotels office and religious facilities. range of project construction costs to 250 million. identified numerous oversights and construction error on major austin hotel project. as a fast-tracked scheduled project a firm opening date of the hotel was necessary for convention bookings. advised owner on needed corrective measures realistic costs/ schedules and
__label__DESIGNER digital designer summary your digital designer summary your zip code your phone number your email date title organization address zip code dear mr./ms. last the description you posted for a studio assistant parallels my interests and qualifications perfectly. with my background in art and psychology i am confident that i would make a very successful and creative studio assistant. having worked for the non-profit organization countyarts i have been exposed to a number of aspects of the art world. my experience as artist assistant at the museum of art demonstrates my capability of working with others through the creative process of production while meeting the challenges presented to me. also my education in psychology has allowed me to learn the nuances of people and has provided me with good investigative and analytical skills that will suit your needs for customer assistance. i would appreciate the opportunity to make a substantial contribution by exploring the business of applied art through your design firm. i welcome the opportunity to meet with you to further discuss my candidacy and will call next week to see if we might arrange a time to speak. thank you for your time and consideration. sincerely signature firstname lastname ethan araya cover
__label__ARTS arts education intern objective arts education intern objective to obtain an administrative internship with the performing arts project for the 5-week intensive program. education bachelors of music in vocal performance 2018 california university northridge usa 3.99 gpa coursework in music theory coursework in vocal techniques and musical theater experience arts education intern sep 2016 to current taught workshops about opera to local schools researched and compiled study guides for schools assisted dr. anthony cantrell in setting up student matinees arts education and box office intern la county arts commission intern program jun 2016 to aug 2016 director of children s theater workshop overseeing casting of 19-28 children for a 40 minute children s show . sold tickets to productions answered phones and organized tickets piano and vocal teacher oct 2014 to current private piano and vocal instructor skilled in teaching students of all ages learning styles and skill level coordinated studio classes recitals schedules and lesson times freelance musician-singer and pianist jan 2014 to current tenor section leader substitute. panorama presbyterian church of angels community choir. planned and performed music for weddings and receptions accompanied kirk o the valley children s choir awards recipient of mary bayramian arts scholarship recipient of robert w. wienpahl
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction laborer professional summary construction laborer professional summary reliable construction worker offering expertise gained over 7 year career in diverse labor roles. versed in completing physically-challenging jobs and working long hours under all types of weather conditions. familiar with commercial construction with history of quickly learning new techniques and equipment operation. skills protective gear scaffold erection measurement and calculation accuracy power tools debris removal team-oriented and dependable blueprints and schematics lifting 50+ pounds preventive and reparative maintenance forklift operation commercial construction safety and compliance construction knowledge work history construction laborer 04/2019 to 06/2020 erected and removed temporary structures such as trench liners and scaffolding to meet team needs. prepared and cleaned surfaces for rebuilding purposes by removing damaged tiles bricks and mortar. gathered and disposed of work site debris to remove safety hazards and boost team productivity. used radios and hand signals to coordinate communication between equipment operators and ground workers. interpreted job site supervisor s orders and technical documentation to complete accurate work. interacted daily with various project managers subcontractors and municipal inspectors to complete construction projects. used required tools to complete jobs including hammers saws squares levels and fastening devices. efficiently prepared job sites by removing debris and setting up materials and
__label__FINANCE sales / finance manager sales / finance manager summary looking out for a position as administration assistance with a reputed firm where i could use my core competencies and knowledge for the mutual growth and benefit. a civil engineer / projects manager with more than 10 years of vast experience in management planning designing bidding and implementation of civil construction projects of buildings roads hydraulic structures solid waste transfer stations waste water treatment plants concrete paving security projects and etc. enthusiastic and hardworking professional with experience of travelling to project sites around the country including remote environments with limited communications or logistical support. possess a great record of accomplishment of contributing to continued business improvement processes and meeting the projects objectives. professionally committed to delivering high quality engineering and environmental services. experience of working on infrastructure utilities and structural and highways projects. 3 years experience in administration customer services auto finance and used cars selling with one of the best car dealership in forest lane garland. excellent experience of doing business with united auto credit westlake and lobel. highlights operating systems windows mac os x software microsoft office autocad photoshop pdf professional ms outlook. experience sales / finance manager sep 2011 to sep 2014
__label__APPAREL cashier professional profile responsible cashier professional profile responsible cashier experienced at managing front of store needs in busy environments. friendly and energetic with strong communication and organizational abilities. seeking role of increased responsibility where strengths in service and sales will be valuable.results-oriented cashier motivated to exceed expectations and deliver exceptional service to meet all customer needs. resourceful professional with history of increasing business revenue and decreasing shrinkage while exceeding sales and productivity objectives. qualifications customer service mindset sales proficiency receive return merchandise excellent verbal communication enthusiasm cheerfulness efficiency professional appearance mathematical strengths strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution energetic work attitude inventory control familiarity fashion knowledge opening/closing procedures experience cashier 08/2011 to 12/2014 receive payment by cash or credit cards. issue receipts refunds credits or change due to customers. count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change. cleaned and straightened work area. assessed customer needs and responded to questions. issued receipts for purchases and gifts. worked with customer service to resolve issues. rotated stock to maintain freshness. operated cash register with proficiency. worked overtime shifts during busy periods. cashier 02/2014 to 04/2014 count money in cash
__label__SALES sales manager highlights ms sales manager highlights ms office proficiency microsoft outlook lotus notes team leadership exceptional time management goal-oriented accomplishments managed a successful sales team of 12 members who consistently exceeded sales goals an average of 20 each month. developed highly effective sales training strategies as sales manager of a 12-person team. coached a successful sales team that led the store in monthly sales per fte over 50 of the year. mentored two sales manager in training candidates through successful completion of the manager assessment program map . experience sales manager may 2011 to current lead through developing a commissioned sales team 10+ direct reports 50+ indirect reports to achieve sales ensure efficiency and to be successful in our fy focus areas. develop skills and product knowledge of sales consultants through training evaluation and role play develop talent into management roles. attract hire and on-board world-class sales professionals who are well prepared to provide exceptional customer service. analyze and track sales performance to assigned budget conversion compliance and sales consultant staffing/hiring targets. responsible for day-to-day oversight with authority to resolve issues that may occur during the execution process. respond to potential customer service concerns. ensure customers receive the best customer experience and seek
__label__BANKING qa test analyst profile qa test analyst profile seeking a position as manual software quality assurance analyst 4+ years experience as a quality assurance analyst dealing with various levels of testing such as functional regression system user acceptance performance testing and smoke testing. experience testing applications based on different architectural platform such as client/server web based and saas industry experience in finance banking retail and health care well versed with agile agile scrum waterfall and v-model methodologies experience communicating and dealing with different stakeholders to meet the deliverable experience with creating test plan developing test scenarios and executing test cases and logging defects. well versed in software development life cycle sdlc software testing life cycle stlc and defect management life cycle dmlc . experience working with qa teams both offshore and onsite while communicating the client s requirements and expectations to execute the qa process smoothly on various projects. able to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing using english hindi and urdu. experience doing root cause analysis rca on issues and identified defects to improve product quality. experience in backend database testing by writing sql queries to extract data for validation. developed and maintained appropriate metrics to maintain quality control in the development
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology coordinator professional information technology coordinator professional summary highly talented and accomplished paralegal with extensive experience in investigative and online legal research. more than 5 years of experience working in the legal field. knowledgeable in all aspects of case preparation and representation previous court experience familiar with filings petitions case management and interviewing. excellent research documentation reporting abilities outstanding communication and presentation skills. predisposed to procedural and methodological approaches to problem solving and analysis. detail oriented with a demonstrated commitment to excellent customer service. core qualifications lexisnexis westlaw concordance casemap knowledge of local and federal laws principles and practices of legal communication court procedures/processes results-oriented client-focused interview techniques and methods word excel powerpoint access project experience information technology coordinator 01/2014 - current - worked across all levels of the organization to support the corporate information officer cio and the senior leadership team. enable the cio and senior leadership team to effectively and efficiently execute their duties by continuously managing maintaining appointment calendars and documentation of forecasted project plans/milestones communications derived from their initiatives commitments and ongoing management functions. single point of contact spoc for in-house information technology operations assessment. maintain client files vendor files and deal sensitively with confidential material and general office
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology summary it director/manager with extensive experience in network operations leveraging expertise in organization growth and problem solving. driven professional and detailed-oriented with the proven ability to plan design and implement technical systems improve process flow and administer departmental budgets. highlights operating systems windows 7 8.1 10 windows server 2008 r2 2012 exchange server 2007 2010 - apple mac osx ios - bb10 os android lan vpn wan ip networking citrix and remote terminal services logmein team viewer skype for business. experience with sql saas and hyper-v active directory services group policy dns dhcp ssl wsus and ftp san/nas storage cisco routers hp switches sonicwall firewalls symantec backup/antivirus trend-micro arcserve acronis experience january 1996 to january 2016 director of information technology directed and managed the entire it operations for a commercial real estate investment with over 15 locations throughout the u.s. forecasted and planned all network information processing and communication needs for the entire company. provided senior level leadership on all it security and risk management concerns. being proactive to ensure the continued functionality of a stable reliable and secure it environment including focus on current and anticipated cybersecurity threats and risk. ensured technology compliance with sox
__label__HEALTHCARE administrative assistant summary performance-focused administrative assistant summary performance-focused leader eager to offer dynamic customer service / administrative assistance business support data / recordkeeping and client relations talents toward maximizing your success within a growth-oriented role. administrative operations account management data / recordkeeping billing / invoices customer service appointment scheduling supplies ordering inventory control work prioritization business bookkeeping regulatory compliance multi-line telephone management process improvement strategic analysis / plans integral team player who plans prioritizes and completes tasks within fast-paced environments. excellent communicator who seamlessly interfaces among executives business peers and customers. solutions-focused professional who offers a quick-learning nature to succeed in diverse business areas. ambitious self-starter who expertly handles confidential responsibilities while maintaining quality service. i am seeking a customer care professional role and am submitting my resume for your review. i am excited to build a rewarding career with your and am confident that my professional skills can help to achieve your objectives. i can offer cross-functional experience in customer service/ administrative operations account management data / recordkeeping business bookkeeping billing / invoices supplies ordering and inventory control and am well-versed with customer service workflow prioritization strategic analysis / planning process improvement and regulatory compliance among other areas. to complement my background please
__label__HR hr assistant iii certifications hr assistant iii certifications john a. logan college 2003 - 2005 university of alabama at birmingham 2006 - professional summary human resources coordinator with extensive background in payroll processing accounting and finance. proficient in adp and quickbooks software. results-oriented human resources coordinator with 10+ years in all aspects of human resources management. highly effective communicator who excels at building relationships at all organizational levels. hr professional highly effective at verifying that all documentation is properly authorized and supported according to policies regulatory practices and legal requirements. hr coordinator offering well-rounded background in human resources accounting and administration. skilled in preparing and analyzing staffing metrics and reporting. results-oriented human resources executive with broad experience in all areas of hr including policy development performance management and benefits administration. skills shrm - hr generalist certificate cihrg member shrm member notary public adp vantage adp recruiting jd edwards jde payroll 2016 certificate via fred pryor seminars all windows versions and mac os platforms. excel word access powerpoint outlook sap hr department startup benefits and payroll coordination staff recruiting and retention background checks detail-oriented payroll processing exit interviews accounting and finance time management superb interpersonal skills benefits administration hris recruitment/staffing interviewing employee coaching performance management
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate career overview patient advocate career overview skilled medical assistant with the sound knowledge of technical support medical duties and clerical skills. excellent communication skills along with very solid customer service knowledge. core strengths active listening skills energetic work attitude strong organizational skills healthcare billing proficiency clinical training medical assisting specialist computerized charting specialist cpr/bls certified medical coding capability talent in obtaining/charting vital signs patient positioning understanding qualified in specimen collection/processing microsoft office spreadsheet development insurance processing patient charting health insurance processing insurance eligibility verification medical billing high customer service standards conflict resolution proficiency proficient with microsoft office suite microsoft word excel powerpoint detail oriented planning/coordinating excellent quantitative skills accomplishments honor roll recipient osha compliance properly disposed of daily biohazard waste in compliance with federal and local regulations. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. clinical skills monitored patient s respiration activity blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical administration. work experience patient advocate 09/2014 screen patients to determine eligibility screen patients in emergency room throughout the hospital and as walk-ins help patients apply for medicaid coverage send application and supported documents
__label__FINANCE assistant director of finance assistant director of finance professional overview skilled accounting professioanl skill highlights budgeting and forecasting analytical skills organizational skills self-motivated professional team leadership hyperion oracle cpa professional experience 05/2013 to current assistant director of finance assist in oversight of the month end close for the select managed hotels and the genpact team including validation of the payroll journal and other areas. review and assist hotel general managers with preparation of annual budgets. manage the relationship with the owner of 10 of our managed hotels including reporting forecasting and month end close related questions. responsible for monthly and quarterly reconciliations. main point of contact for select hotel hyperion needs from the other assistant directors of finance the select rvps the hss team and the general managers. build reports and tools to help the general managers in their duties. created reports to roll up data for review by the director of finance and other assistant directors of finance. streamlined monthly health and welfare journal entries booked for the full service hotels our team oversees. assisted in the preparation of documents in the sale of 50+ hotels. provided feedback and performed testing in phase i and phase ii of the change in our financial
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY customer service representative summary customer service representative summary recognized for being able to promote exceptional results and productivity from a team of individuals. six years experience within contact center operations supervised teams of 20 up to 100 employees. extensive experience within the contact center operations environment including daily communications with all levels of leadership supervisor management. recognized for ability to multitask and excel at any task assigned analytical and organizational skills. skills microsoft office verint siebel rta avaya operating systems vista windows 7 windows 8 windows 10 experience 08/2015 to current customer service representative handled large call volume while being able to multi task and provide accurate information to the consumers while maintaining a high level of quality of service. keep records of customer interactions or transactions recording details of inquiries complaints or comments as well as actions taken. confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services take or enter orders cancel accounts or obtain details of complaints. refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation. complete contract forms prepare change of address records or issue service discontinuance orders using computers. 09/2014 to 07/2015 customer service supervisor provides supervision and leadership to a team of
__label__TEACHER teacher summary talented early teacher summary talented early education professional with diverse experience in planning and implementing various activities for promoting physical social emotional and intellectual growth of children. job title capable of remaining calm under pressure while continuing to keep the preschool setting light and playful. will work hard to identify and communicate behavioral and educational issues.open-minded job title talented at incorporating a blend of traditional and progressive techniques into daily activities. facilitates clear communication between children parents and fellow staff.creative preschool teacher adept at continually implementing current trends in early childhood curriculum.early childhood teacher specializing in child psychology and development. recognizes the importance of the parent-child bond and believes in regularly communicating with each parent. highlights cpr first aid certificate problem solver time management creative thinking team player certified in early childhood education conflict resolution techniques training in food handling preparation calm and patient experience 08/2013 to 01/2016 teacher supervise 3-5 year old children. setup small group and outdoor activities. maintain paper work for parent - teacher conference. promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method.maintained daily records of children s individual activities behaviors meals and naps.established a safe play environment for the children.distributed quarterly educational assessments similar to report cards
__label__AVIATION program manager highlights microsoft program manager highlights microsoft office word access excel outlook powerpoint advanced gfebs windows xp professional intermediate windows vista beginner cpr/combat lifesaver intermediate experience june 1999 to current program manager september 2006 salary 54 000. hours per week 40. army aviation. maintain accountability on aviation health and safety budget for 6 different divisions and 23 sub-divisions. compile fiscal financial and isr reports for two facilities and all aviation assets in nebraska. insures that needed plans materials and tools are available and that needed stock is obtained from supply locations. inspect monthly obligation plans stanfins reports gfebs and afcos accountability to avoid over-obligating. sustain constant program schedules and status to provide accurate information to aviation officer and chief of staff. establish rules regulations and controls to ensure complete accuracy in program execution. develop future fiscal year operating program plans that include variations for fuel and personnel costs flight hours maintenance weather and execution. executed between 99.9-100 every fiscal year with over 3.5m 3 airframes and 17 aircraft. utilized the logistics modernization program lmp for order processing inventory management customer service and acquisition. created maintained and updated automated standard operating procedures sop . compiles data for reports projections flow charts and graphs for
__label__HR senior hr manager hr senior hr manager hr business partner summary a highly dedicated and accomplished human resources manager with a record of proficiency in employee relations training and development programs recruitment and on boarding payroll management benefits administration hrms database administration job description development wage/salary reviews record keeping and compliance. a proven leader in championing values vision and expectations through effective communication and facilitation. aligns hr strategy with business objectives assesses and anticipates hr-related needs communicates proactively within global hr teams and management and seeks to develop highly effective integrated hr solutions. experience senior hr manager hr business partner january 2014 to january 2016 hr manager january 2012 to january 2013 quality service manager hr manager january 2010 to january 2011 transferred from peo model to full service payroll and benefits set up including rfp for various payroll and benefits vendors interviewing for best fit completing implementation phase and working through follow up issues such as workers comp placement tax set up in 15 states and five localities setting up fsa and commuter benefits plans ensuring smooth transition of background check and drug testing and facilitating smooth payroll transition. built and managed hr function across u.s. and canadian locations including full cycle bi-weekly
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior facilities and construction senior facilities and construction project manager summary thirty years experience as manager and director of facilities project and construction management in various challenging environments twenty two in higher education. successful at managing facilities ops systems m o and capital budgets assets staffing and bargaining agreements. responsible for 600 acres of property 150 buildings 60 union skilled technical maintenance staff budget managers construction maintenance managers grounds and horticulture custodial staff transportation fleet managers shipping receiving staff post office managers sustainability staff and business managers. developed and maintained high standards of discretion integrity communication leadership life safety building code compliance staff student and faculty safety training and osha compliance proven team building skills quality personnel acquisition effective success at administering progressive discipline in union environments able to create positive organizational change where required and as directed. professional development and skills facilities management professional fmp and certified project manager facilities and technology management electrical engineering technology construction management licensed master electrician certified advanced fire and security alarm designer certified in fiber optics and network connectivity supervision effective communication and team building certifications technical strengths include electrical fire security fire suppression systems life safety systems hvac mechanical systems boilers infrastructure management sustainability and energy
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare instructional assistant experience healthcare instructional assistant experience healthcare instructional assistant 10/2018 to current perform g tube feedings and straight catheterization procedures on special needs and general education elementary school students. assist teacher in k-12 classroom setting up workstation. implement lessons taught by the teacher monitoring students behaviors utilizing positive and negative reinforcement. follow iep collaborate with instructional assistants aba interventionists teachers and psychologist. instructional assistant 09/2016 to 09/2018 work with general education and special needs students k-12 in a classroom setting. monitoring different behaviors utilizing positive reinforcements enforcement redirecting students utilize token system teaching independence implementation of lessons taught by teacher. collaborate with a team of teachers psychologists and instructional assistant s working towards iep/goals of the student. work and setup academic group workstations. tutor students on 1 1 basic. assist students with hygiene as needed. acting clerk/ nursing attendant 02/2005 to 10/2015 worked n a clinic registering incoming patients for clinic appointments answer inquiries over telephone regarding patient s appointment. update patients demographic information into computer system. scheduled surgeries input services rendered by physician using diagnosis code for proper payment of services. ordered supplies faxed clerical duties. work history healthcare instructional assistant 10/2018 to current perform g tube feedings and straight catheterization
__label__ADVOCATE consumer services advocate career consumer services advocate career overview dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. core strengths strong organizational skills seasoned in conflict resolution active listening skills energetic work attitude telephone inquiries specialist customer service expert adaptive team player visual merchandising proficiency fashion knowledge opening/closing procedures telecommunication skills invoice processing accomplishments customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. database maintenance assisted in the managing of the database and verified edited and modified members information. product sales cross-sold services at a rate of 30 upgrading customers to different plans and product packages. computed data reports provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. work experience consumer services advocate june 2014 to january 2015 answered the phones sent emails placed orders spoke with customers went through troubleshooting tips and trained new hires. helped the grow into a multi branded company. cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed. computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions. developed highly
__label__BANKING business banking specialist summary business banking specialist summary top-performing professional with over 6 years experience in banking and finance. seeking to take the next step in my career as a regional banking branch manager 2. prior experience in a role as a business advocate basic knowledge and understanding of retail and/or small business products and strategies knowledge and understanding of mortgage industry and retail banking operations experience sourcing small business clientele ability to provide exceptional customer satisfaction to retain and grow customer banking relationships skills microsoft excel microsoft word and microsoft outlook languages fluent in english and spanish- reading and writing experience 01/2016 to current business banking specialist effective organizational multi tasking and prioritizing skills excellent verbal written and interpersonal communication skills proficient with proactively sourcing acquiring building and maintaining relationships with customers and colleagues high motivation with ability to successfully meet individual and team goals ability to work independently without supervision basic microsoft office word excel and outlook skills. 01/2014 to 01/2016 personal banker experience leading or participating in events and activities for local networks or professional organizations such as the chamber of commerce and professional business groups. overseen the branch platform and teller side when management are off by making sure customer
__label__FITNESS equipment operator and fitness equipment operator and fitness leader professional summary certified nurse assistant/home health aide highly motivated honorable veteran seeking to transition into healthcare as a nursing assistant initially and registered nurse ultimately. accomplished equipment operator outfitted with 5 years of comprehensive expertise and achievements in operations fitness management process improvement and superb trainer. adept in program and project management complemented with fitness acumen across diverse cultures and economies. established record of reliability and creating positive rapport with clients staff and family. extremely effective in demanding and fast-paced environments with proven patience and compassion for work and personnel. core competencies problem solving and decision making risk management and assessment extensive leadership experience interpersonal awareness and relations security clearance computer competency flexibility client service professional experience equipment operator and fitness leader january 2013 to current effectively trained 30 members on equipment operations that led members to obtaining licenses for hmmwv 11k-12k forklift mtvr cargo mtvr dump and 40 passenger bus. efforts resulted in the command s mission to support 4 projects. hand selected to perform monthly serialized inspections of 175 m9 pistols 420 m16 assault rifles 3 at4 s and 12 mk19 s. thorough attention to detail resulted in zero discrepancies for the command
__label__APPAREL key holder sales planner key holder sales planner summary art director with strong background in production management. specializes in sales fashion marketing and editorial film making. well versed in team building and creative planning. extensive high-profile brand knowledge. experience 03/2016 to 07/2016 key holder sales planner effectively controlled the release of proprietary and confidential information for general client lists. created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in a 6 increase in monthly sales. maintained productive relationships with existing clients through exceptional personal follow-up after sales. worked directly with gm senior visual directors and district leaders in order to achieve and sales goals each month. 10/2015 to current editorial producer worked in direct relation with designer during editorial production to create the look and feel of the brand. shot and produced look books for fall2015/spring 2016 directed all styling and outfitting for a production cast of more than 12 actors and actresses. collaborated with modeling agencies stylists editors and designers to effectively elucidate the altaf maaneshia brand during production. 09/2015 to 01/2016 editorial director carefully maintained over 15 000 worth of brand merchandise. carefully maintained over 6 000 worth of production equipment. managed campaign and advertising budgets up to 4200. co-produced
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development rep summary business development rep summary results-oriented high-energy ambitious marketing professional with a successful record of accomplishments. 10+ years experience in sales marketing and business development. passionate skilled social media expert with five years of experience managing professional social media accounts and content marketing. major strengths include strong team leadership excellent communication skills competency versatility attention to detail as well as supervisory skills including hiring termination scheduling training and other administrative tasks. thrives in fast-paced environments and adheres to tight deadlines using time management. thorough knowledge of current and emerging digital marketing trends with a clear vision to accomplish goals. proven ability to drive growth and brand awareness through creative and highly effective communications. recognized by co-workers and managers for being a positive self-starter with an exceptional work ethic and the ability to multi-task. three years of working in a virtual environment while maintaining a record of exceeding monthly goals. experience september 2015 to july 2017 business development rep reached daily goal set by the 90 of each month by generating warm leads for contracted vendors sales teams who provide business technology services. met revenue and lead generation goals by means of proactive outbound prospecting making 200+ calls per day. used strong
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary use my consultant summary use my skills to meet the requirements of the i work for in order to complete the companies goals. skills excel and microsoft office read schematics and blue prints work history experience consultant had classes for safety and handed out rule books to personnel. set up programs on their computers help them keep current location of their inventory rail cars . set up a process for computer personnel to report information on movement of inventory to their supervisors. manager asst. bldg. superintendent manager of the demurage and switching billing asst. to clerical director manager crew manager prevention of inter-modal equip- ment. retired assembler chrysler automotive mcdonald aircraft co. long beach calif. assembler on dc 8 aircraft general telephone co. long beach calif. central office computers tech. education and training tuloso-midway high school corpus christi texas diploma san jacinto college pasadena texas 60 semester hours general telephone long beach calif. 4 schools personal information non smoker or drinker. i am punctual honest and have a good work ethic. skills automotive consolidations dc 8 excel microsoft office office read san schematics telephone additional information personal information non smoker or drinker. i am punctual honest and have a good work ethic.
__label__BANKING branch manager summary as branch manager summary as an experienced banking officer professional i would like to utilize my experience and knowledge in banking by contributing to the improvement in profitability and growth to your bank. i will be putting my best efforts in terms of time and learning new banking techniques and methods that would implement in my tenure as a leader with your financial institution. skills goal-oriented self-sufficient strong team-builder team player trid expert proficient in ms office and excel flexible experience branch manager 06/2016 to current manages the overall operation of the branch to include the personal bankers and teller staff primarily focused on creating a positive work environment community development driving sales increasing growth profitability and providing accurate and superior customer service conducts sales debriefs weekly staff meetings goal setting and in-branch promotions to ensure support of current campaigns alignment to corporate strategy supports operations manager in the fte staffing scheduling process ensuring the branch has appropriate staffing considering scheduling training vacation leaves of absence sickness and duty assignments ensuring the efficient operation of the branch provides guidance leadership and coaching to the assistant manager platform staff confers with subordinate personnel to discuss operational procedural changes provides counseling and recognition
__label__ARTS operations coordinator summary dedicated operations coordinator summary dedicated and focused office manager who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. resourceful and accomplished with extensive office operations and personnel organization expertise. highlights ms office netsuite sales office ally business development sound judgment social media and networks managing multiple priorities articulate public speaker calm under pressure account management eprocessing network team player operations management eye for detail computer-savvy community outreach new customer acquisition interpersonal skills multi-media marketing accomplishments received a merit raise for strong attention to detail exemplary customer service and team-player attitude. successfully planned and executed corporate meetings lunches and special events for groups of 20+ employees. in charge of implementation of office evolution columbus s social media marketing and online blog presence. experience operations coordinator march 2016 to current - human resources administrator for portland branch. payroll administrator managed the receptionist area including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion. designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary master teacher professional summary master teacher looking for new role and industry. i m looking to leverage the valuable skills knowledge and experiences as a teacher to advance a new client or organization in an executive or leadership position. skills instructional design teaching progress monitoring course development evernote slack social media excel outlook adobe photoshop management staff projects daily scheduling financial analysis security trading portfolio managament liability structuring research analysis and planning work history teacher 08/2014 to current teaches classes in accordance with requirements of approved courses of study at expected student progress expectations uses information about individual students academic strengths needs and progress in planning designs activities to engage students in cognitively challenging work aligned to standards uses resources that will promote high levels of learning and student engagement in classroom environment closely monitors student learning in order to understand how students are progressing toward learning objectives and provides students with instructive timely feedback that moves their learning forward establishes classroom environment that is safe and supportive risk-taking is encouraged students feel free to contribute their ideas and teacher and student interactions are respectful and polite to promote positive learning environment for all students initiates and participates in individualized education
__label__APPAREL men s sr designer men s sr designer - freelance summary innovative and artistic professional with 20+ years in the fashion industry. passionate creative resourceful dependable efficient strong communication and organizational skills with the ability to troubleshoot problems. enjoys working in a fast-paced dynamic environment with the ability to work cross-functionally as well as independently. laser focus on details and achieving the desired results. experienced in price negotiations costing of materials. proficient in product development well rou nded fashion designer familiar with the complete product creation life cycle from initial concept to retail sale. highlights strong creative design skills extensive fabric knowledge superb attention to detail superior communication skills vendor relations self-motivated professional accomplishments traveled to asia and europe for international trend research and theme inspiration. eddie bauer best product wins 2013 - award for materials development. experience march 2016 to february 2012 men s sr designer - freelance dddd dd drew lines between reference points to produce outlines of graded patterns. calculated dimensions and specifications from sales order and entered data in worksheets. calculated dimensions and specifications from sales order and entered data in worksheets. calculated dimensions and specifications from sales order and entered data in worksheets. calculated dimensions and specifications from sales
__label__APPAREL product specialists professional summary product specialists professional summary to obtain a merchandising position within a to provide a style and culture that exudes ones present mindset of the retail industry. ultimately to provide an excellent customer experience in order to maximize revenues and market share to receive a healthy return on investment. experience 08/2014 to current product specialists responsibilities for this role include receiving and answering customer inquiries and requests regarding products orders pricing and other services offered and providing operational support for garmin s consumer electronic products and working with customers to determine which products accessories and plan of action best serves the customer s individual needs. other responsibilities include remain current on changes in policies procedures and product offerings report any and all out-of-line conditions affecting customer satisfaction develop and maintain department and image and philosophy to the public become highly knowledgeable in the specifications capabilities and operation of garmin products answer customer technical inquiries regarding garmin products via telephone letters fax and electronic mail monitor document and report failure trends in garmin equipment identify and recommend improvements in garmin products documentation and procedures review special circumstances and authorize warranty service when deemed appropriate. 09/2012 to 08/2014 assistant manager/manager deliver premium customer
__label__BANKING founder and project manager founder and project manager summary a result-driven client-centric and committed client services officer with over seven years of experience in the financial services industry. bringing expertise enthusiasm and passion to serve above and beyond client s needs build relationships and maximize potential profitability and productivity. highlights client services management portfolio management project management securitization corporate trust compliance asset-backed securities insurance cash collateral management general accounting and taxation strong interpersonal and collaborative skill microsoft office with advanced excel skills accomplishments created raving-fan clients through meticulously maintaining superior provision of excellent client services at all times while serving as a client service officer at deutsche bank achieved high satisfaction from top-tier clients and management for the administration of high-volume trust portfolios expanding department s branding and capacity while working as a financial analyst at american international group increased the manageability for more than 500 collateral trust accounts at american international group experience founder and project manager october 2012 to june 2015 directed and coordinated activities to build an online platform for vietnam s smes and companies fostered communication internationally with team members on project targets achievements and improvements researched vietnamese market to assess risk and opportunity to help develop and implement objectives
__label__CONSTRUCTION facilities design and construction facilities design and construction project manager summary having worked as the construction project manager for diverse healthcare construction projects with budgets over 20 million i am confident that i would make a valuable addition to your team. i have proven success delivering projects that stay within scheduled time frames and budget constraints. in addition to my professional experience i bring with me extensive education including project management professional pmp certification which further supports my business development. as a facilities design and construction project manager for scripps health i am in charge of all phases of the design and construction process for construction or refurbishment projects. while my on-the-job experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill set including strengths in planning and negotiation i also excel at meeting project milestones. highlights facilities management and development project management / leadership healthcare construction design and build oshpd / agency experience design process construction project initiating through closing develop and control project budget develop and manage schedules local entitlement and permitting processes project reporting / status accomplishments successfully led 45 420 sq. ft. radiation therapy project. managed 35.7m project with a 21.2m construction budget. directed 11.8m project for 29 000 sq. ft. msk facility.
__label__ARTS talented arts program instructional talented arts program instructional coordinator highlights eight year military veteran with seven years of experience in the education field. four years of experience teaching art throughout caddo parish. art teaching experience includes serving gifted art students enrolled in the talented arts program tap throughout caddo schools. also served as an art teacher at forest hill elementary and judson elementary. i also serve as an art teacher for the volunteers of america after school program at forest hill elementary. i have been drawing and painting since elementary school. i also sell my private artwork as a freelance artist. in addition to my art educational background i have over nine years of extensive business administration management experience. i am an optimistic organized dependable problem solver with strong communication skills. effective at building productive and positive working relationships with teachers and children from diverse backgrounds. experience talented arts program instructional coordinator november 2008 to current 1961 midway avenue shreveport la 71130 united states 11/2008 - present salary 2 000.00 usd per month hours per week 40 educator independent contractor current school forest hill elementary principal angela douglas 318 686-1783 talented arts program instructional coordinator rhonda glass 318 duties accomplishments and related skills performs
__label__BANKING professional summary knowledgeable of professional summary knowledgeable of banking procedures and finance sales and risk management whose success is based on integrity exceptional customer service efficiency and ambition. self-motivated professional highly proficient in developing creative solutions and implementing objective decision making. skilled for managing multiple projects at one time. ability to work equally in both team-oriented and self directed environments. core competencies credit financial analysis analytical problem solver excellent communicator action planning relationship management risk management strategic thinking deadline efficient detailed oriented excellent time management achievements increased revenue production 110 per annum resulting in to a profitable portfolio wells fargo 2015 year to date loan volume growth 162 deposits 230 and partner production 180 2013 recipient of gold star award of western mountain region wells fargo bank 2 times gold star award recipient wells fargo bank 2014 1 time gold star award recipient wells fargo bank 2015 annual pinnacle award recipient for top 20 producer us bank 2010 star of excellent recipient for highest scores customer service us bank 2009 2010 2011 chamber development award wethersfield ct 2005 2006 2007 award of excellence top producer fleet bank 2002 2003 experience branch manager 01/2004 - received region performance recognition for increased sales and customer service.
__label__ADVOCATE domestic violence and sexual domestic violence and sexual assault advocate professional summary certified massachusetts domestic violence and sexual assault advocate driven to help survivors overcome numerous intersecting social mental and emotional obstacles. experience developing and facilitating groups for many age groups and populations and excellent outreach background. skill highlights individual counseling group facilitation risk assessment program development youth advocacy court advocacy outreach case management professional experience july 2014 to current domestic violence and sexual assault advocate one on one counseling addressing emotional needs coping skills goals and planning for survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault often maintaining a caseload of up to 15 clients at one time. cross trained as court advocate helping people to access restraining orders at the haverhill district courthouse. created and facilitated the first successful women s support group for survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault at the ywca haverhill with a regular attendance of 10-20 women. successfully built and rebuilt relationships with outside agencies in the greater haverhill community which in turn helped to secure donations and help for our clients and programs. conducted training and presentations in the community regarding healthy relationships domestic violence sexual assault technology safety codependency coping skills self care and other relevant
__label__BANKING purchasing agent summary experienced purchasing agent summary experienced buyer with demonstrated organization customer service communication management and relationship-building skills. highlights retail management 10-key by touch ms office powerpoint customer service scheduling new customer acquisition fluent in spanish outlook problem resolution regulatory compliance front-office operations report preparation marketing sales photoshop dependable and reliable education bachelor of arts communication 2001 st. edward s university communication experience purchasing agent jan 2011 to current source develop and maintain dynamic supplier relationships in order to obtain competitive pricing for components and raw materials. generate requests for proposals communicate and verify technical specifications to suppliers analyze supplier responses negotiate pricing payment terms and consignment solutions with suppliers. work with accounting department to coordinate timely deposits as required by suppliers. review and interpret material resource planning mrp reports. work with sales engineering and production teams to coordinate purchasing in order to meet critical project deadlines. generate purchase orders for fabricated components raw materials and supplies used in the manufacturing process in accordance with engineering project requirements expedite and ensure orders are confirmed in a timely manner. assist production manager planners and project engineers in coordinating and expediting the flow of materials goods and services into the manufacturing and assembly process. communicate
__label__CONSULTANT consultant skills financial aptitude consultant skills financial aptitude with in-depth knowledge of sourcing vendors for medical supplies specifically with purchasing and sale of medical supplies critical thinking proficiency sound decision making abilities in time sensitive situations cultural awareness and sensitivity extensive experience with microsoft office word excel access confident public speaker relationship and team building skills with emphasizes in conflict resolution experience consultant jun 2016 created annual goals objectives and budget and made recommendations to reduce costs. specifically with scheduling and booking of various auctioning events reduced overall costs via sponsorship s implemented standards and methods to measure the effectiveness of agency activities . sourced and implemented new performance appraisal process. assistant manager / hipaa privacy and security officer jun 2014 to jun 2016 facilitated an organization-wide change in electronic health record systems. analyzed and summited monthly reports to accounting manager- goal was to demonstrate that all policies and procedures were appropriated practiced performed end of day accounting and balancing specifically accounts receivable for products and services purchase internally documentation of all co-payments received . averaged 12k- 20k in daily balances conducted a thorough hipaa risk assessments i dentified weaknesses within current record systems-ranging from insurance information to confidential patient information successfully developed new
__label__HEALTHCARE occupational therapist professional summary occupational therapist professional summary highly motivated and accomplished business professional with 10+ years experience in providing leadership and management to diverse teams while facilitating strategies for growth and profitability. comprehensive experience in multiple aspects of business operations project management regulatory compliance customer satisfaction staff training and procedure development/implementation. leads by example as a tenacious trustworthy approachable and results driven team player with adept communication and problem solving abilities. areas of expertise operational management computer skills client development project management program development finance analysis training development customer service organizational development presentation skills excellent communication skills business management skills computer expertise - electronic medical records ms word excel access publisher powerpoint outlook quickbooks problem solving - proven ability to troubleshoot and develop creative innovative solutions to business challenges successfully manage change for improved performance and efficiency management by mentoring - noted for ability to motivate performance communicate strong messages nurture partnerships and deliver significant sales growth. history of successful health care leadership sales and project management business operations - outstanding accomplishments in business startup turnaround and financial/operational management across diverse industries reinvigorating organizational infrastructure inventory technologies processes and financial measurement systems customer personal service - knowledge of principles and processes for providing
__label__ARTS dance educator professional summary dance educator professional summary personable and proactive clinical mental health counselor and registered dance/movement therapist focused on building positive rapport with a diverse range of clients and adept at facilitating both individual and group therapy sessions. a critical thinker and detail-oriented with superior interpersonal skills. core qualifications dsm-v knowledge group behavior and dynamics group therapy expressive art therapies and dance/movement therapy experience working with disabled persons. experience with developmental disabilities experienced working with adolescents adults and geriatric population eclectic psychotherapy approach cognitive behavioral therapy cbt dialectic behavior therapy dbt clinical documentation- avatar developmental designs trained compassionate empathetic open minded team player professional experience february 2012 to current dance educator plan and implement a dance curriculum for an arts-integrated urban charter secondary school for students in grades 7-12. teach daily lessons following the rhode island standards for education. present all class material and policies accurately and clearly for five classes each semester. use a variety of teaching methods such as lectures discussions and demonstrations. meet with parents and guardians to discuss students progress at least once per semester. enforce both classroom and administration policies and rules at all times. established positive relationships with students parents colleagues and administrators. kept accurate records
__label__HR hr manager summary human hr manager summary human resources professional with practical understanding of business needs. areas of expertise include conflict management and employee training. highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. directs projects that improve efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements. highlights hiring and retention training and development recruiting compensation/payroll employee relations personnel records maintenance new hire orientation meeting planning workers compensation knowledge labor relations ms office excellent interpersonal and coaching skills hris technologies staff training and development human resources audits hr policies and procedures expertise project management human resource laws knowledge appointment setting database management experience hr manager 01/2012 to 04/2015 planned directed and coordinated human resource management activities to maximize the strategic use of human resources and maintained functions such as workers compensation recruitment personnel policies and regulatory compliance. key results new hire orientation on-boarding activities and other hr functions such as offer letters hr metrics tracking and reporting. set up interview scheduling for candidates and interview team. represented at all unemployment and worker compensation hearings. monitored and implemented all workers compensation aspects such as advising medical treatment informing wc attorneys of any updates and monitoring any medical restrictions. helped implement the states managed care program
__label__HEALTHCARE technical it healthcare consultant technical it healthcare consultant professional summary experience technical consultant building enterprise-class it systems for a range of industries such as financial businesses health-care industry telecommunication distribution manufacturing transportation and pharmaceutical. skills project management data center migration system intergration cloud computing services application integration support account management work history technical it healthcare consultant - 04/2014 - current design build test and deploy base upon technical requirements of vendor. system installations and maintenance window 8 professional server desktop network . implementation of medisoft v20 healthcare application for clinical healthcare facility. provided data conversion from existing system to medisoft v20. performance tuning and troubleshooting of server network desktop. automation of backup/restore. participate in on-call rotation 24x7. linux system administrator - 10/2012 - 01/2014 linux red hat - configuration installations administration and monitoring twenty ibm blades with fault tolerant snapshot lvm and selinux. manage and troubleshoot linux servers network and application issues apache oracle java system administration bash scripting security satellite patching auditing unix automation managing and administrating automation process utilizing puppet automation tool to implement applications packages and upgrades on window and linux environment. tcp/ip networking and troubleshooting and maintain level 2 and 3 support 24x7 . unix/linux system administrator - 04/2010 -
__label__SALES sales clerk summary of sales clerk summary of skills osha inspections exceptional interpersonal skills new hire orientation compensation/payroll recruiting hiring and retention training and development regulatory compliance personnel records maintenance exceptional time management skills adaptable accomplishments implementation assisted in implementation of new tracking system that resulted in improved patient care. documentation ensured charting accuracy through precise documentation. training trained team of staff nurses in medical office procedures to guarantee consistent quality of care. experience 12/2013 to 06/2014 sales clerk greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. compute sales prices total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment. answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise. prepare merchandise for purchase or rental. watch for and recognize security risks and thefts and know how to prevent or handle these situations. inventory stock and requisition new stock. ticket arrange and display merchandise to promote sales. exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns. open and close cash registers performing tasks such as counting money separating charge slips coupons and vouchers balancing cash drawers and making deposits. greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. 05/2006 to 10/2012 nursing assistant communicate with patients to ascertain feelings or need for assistance or social
__label__FITNESS sales associate/cashier summary nine sales associate/cashier summary nine years of experience providing customer support managed a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment pleasant and professional demeanor once well with little to no supervision excels in a busy environment customer service inventory and taking responsibility of assigned work. friendly sales associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. excellent multi-tasker and team player. key skills verbal communication initiative flexibility experience 01/2016 to current sales associate/cashier met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance. listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice. trained all new sales employees on effective techniques. reviewed purchases for fraudulent activities. worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels. answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses. 07/2012 to 01/2013 i make and answer phone call regarding clients billing issues i greet greet clients to the gym and answer any and all question they may have. 11/2009 to 01/2016 sales associate maintain a neat and clean stock room. trusted to handle monetary transactions cashier. perform opening and closing procedures. follow through with customer questions concerns and escalated issues when needed to management in regard to customers complaints. determine customer s needs and help
__label__AVIATION recruiter-in-charge summary accomplished and recruiter-in-charge summary accomplished and detail-oriented professional offering excellent organizational skills and ability to manage complex projects with accuracy. excellent communication and management skills able to deliver informative recommendations to senior leadership regarding long-term strategic planning and decision making. disciplined approach to tasks and ability to anticipate potential obstacles are attributes which contribute to a strong record of excellence and acknowledgment for getting the job done. highlights achieve global professional selling skills pss / professional selling skills coaching psc / professional selling skills applications psa / six sigma training intro to six sigma lean strategies lean techniques reducing variation to improve quality lean logic lean value experience recruiter-in-charge oct 2010 to oct 2015 - windows word excel powerpoint outlook adobe pro defense connect online dco web- based contact management databases. supervised developed and led a navy recruiting station of four navy recruiters to identify and attract potential applicants to meet quantitative and qualitative goals through proper use of current directives processing forms and instructions. possess strong expertise in recruiting practices recruiting programs policies and classification techniques. researched market conditions and competitor positions to develop daily canvassing strategies for recruiters to gain competitive advantage and maximize success. facilitated numerous recruiting events and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology consultant career information technology consultant career overview accomplished information technology professional with over 18 years of diverse technology process analysis project management and information management experience. proven ability to successfully implement technology solutions stay within time and budget constraints and improve efficiency through proper risk management task coordination and resource utilization. core competencies project management systems / network reporting proposal development web design development sop policy writing systems process consulting document management technically-advanced information technology specialist successful in software administration and data communications.experienced computer systems analyst with diverse industry experience in banking healthcare insurance and government. professional expertise includes systems applications disaster recovery planning and information protection analysis. qualifications microsoft windows 7 8 2012 apple mac os 7 - x os x server ios unix/linux ubuntu red hat centos freebsd smoothwall express server/web software ms exchange ms sharepoint ms iis ms hyper-v apache wordpress cloudflare documentum coredossier oracle workflow davmail html5 css php javascript java xml c++ microsoft visual basic applications adobe cs6 acrobat photoshop illustrator indesign dreamweaver premiere flash after effects fireworks ms office ms project office 365 mysql ms sql ms access oracle 11i sage act web content management information security content management systems hardware dell hp ibm cisco sonicwall
__label__ARTS audio/visual technician summary proficient audio/visual technician summary proficient in the configuration and operation of daws and software such as pro tools logic pro melodyne autotune traktor serato sibelius capable of operating api vision aws 900 amek 9098i and ssl duality consoles advanced understanding of sound systems and their configurations i.e pa systems to car stereo knowledge in recording and creating sounds effects as well as putting sound to picture education 2014 bachelor of science recording arts full sail university 2012 associates of science and arts music northwestern michigan college experience 04/2017 to current audio/visual technician installation of high-end home audio and video solutions. knowledge of audio/video signal flow and control systems for home networks. 06/2014 to 03/2017 tow truck driver and shop hand specialized in servicing brakes and fuel systems. ordered accurate amounts of parts and supplies to maintain necessary inventory. transported customers to and from the shop for the customer service program. removed and replaced tires shocks struts and brakes. 10/2012 to 05/2014 promoter and event coordinator promoter and event coordinator for night club venue showcasing electronic music resident dj and stage hand 06/2010 to 08/2010 internship responsible for editing and mixing pre-recorded programming understands proper broadcast etiquette and basic workflow of operating
__label__ADVOCATE customer service agent professional customer service agent professional summary to obtain a position that will provide me with the necessary tools in order for me to provide excellent customer service. one that will allow room for advancement and continued educational training. skill highlights medical terminology close attention to detail icd-9 international classification of disease adept multi-tasker office support phones faxing filing records maintenance professional excellent verbal communication familiar with commercial private insurance resourceful and reliable worker excellent problem solver insurance and collections procedures composed and professional demeanor 10 key 11000kpm administrative assistant billing cpr certified cpt data entry nexgen ehr dispatching documentation filing goldmine scanning indexing lawson medisoft microsoft excel typing 45wpm workflow onbase heat fast track allegra artiva professional experience customer service agent february 2015 to current answering phones discussing patient accounts with the patients providing assistance to patients with their bills reading eob s to provide information collecting payments scheduling payment plans for large balance accounts updating patient information in allegra changing the strategy on accounts update insurance information schedule claims to be sent print and mail documents financial assistance forms itemized bills statements receipts fax documents all other duties as assigned by management file clerk july 2014 to february 2015 sorting
__label__AVIATION superintendent ii summary solutions-focused superintendent ii summary solutions-focused versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting u.s. military operations in roles of increasing responsibility during a 20-year career in the us navy. effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and technologies to achieve positive results. highlights microsoft office suite word excel outlook project - -ability to speak effectively before others in and outside the organization accomplishments received global war on terrorism service medal.maintained 100 accountability of a large section of equipment worth over 6 million during multiple overseas deployments. personally responsible for over 10 million of command equipment with no deficiencies losses or damages. experience superintendent ii november 2010 to october 2015 initiator in safety and ensures team compliance with all and osha regulated safety requirements and standards. utilize and ensures compliance with the project planning policy per direction of assigned program manager. communicate contract requirements specifications and customer expectations to all departments to ensure incorporation into the project plan. analyze schedule information providing progress and forecasts to management identifies variances to project plan that may need immediate management attention. identify and obtains written approval for contract change orders. develop and implement project/production schedules and other resource planning documents. disseminate work packages and work
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary flexible staff accountant summary flexible accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. highlights 10 years of practical accounting experience prior management experience full lifecycle implementation prior experience using ms excel jd edwards quickbooks ax and rfms on an expert level experience january 2016 to current staff accountant involvement with month-end closing process prepare and reconcile full cycle monthly financial statements for selected entities including supporting schedules equity roll forward cash flows taxes budget variance reports and other management reports as needed. make all necessary recurring and correcting entries. review financial projections versus actual results and report on variances. support all financial audits and examinations assist in preparation of the balance sheet and other reports to summarize and interpret current and projected financial position participate in developing accounting controls and risk management strategies resolve requests in a timely manner demonstrating a high level of commitment to meeting requirements within the provided guidelines prepare the monthly reporting packages including analysis of current actual results to prior period actual results for use in internal and external reporting. february 2012 to august 2015 accounting manager/ jde business analyst oversee entire receivable functions to include job costing billing aging collections resolution of
__label__ENGINEERING engineering supervisor executive summary engineering supervisor executive summary dedicated engineer with excellent technical analytical and communication skills demonstrated by 9 years of experience. team-oriented electrical engineer with over four years experience designing developing and testing electronic products. forward-thinking electrical engineer with hands-on experience performing quality troubleshooting electronics system and plumbing. perform general repairs on all floor covering upholstery welding and fabrication. maintain a property wide clean and safe work area. troubleshoot and repair mechanical equipment ranging from heating ventilation and air conditioning equipment fan coils chillers pumps boilers and cooling towers. receive and respond to maintenance calls in the hotel and casino from guests and other departments. core qualifications training program implementation project management drilling engineering building commissioning experience a highly motivated and energetic personality. ability to take initiative and exhibit flexibility. excellent customer service skills. interpersonal communication skills demonstrated organizational/planning skills adaptability ability to translate technical specifications have interpersonal skills to deal effectively with all business contacts. professional experience engineering supervisor 11/2014 to current assist management indirect oversight of department daily operation. ensures effective communication between the facilities director and all other supervisors of the engineering department. performs all other duties as assigned by the facilities director. ensures that quality services and controls
__label__AVIATION postal support employee summary postal support employee summary program manager logistics specialist accomplished veteran of the united states navy with an extensive background in leadership training as well as a track record of success in program development logistics aviation repair and operational management. outstanding performance in all capacities across many years of service highlighted by numerous awards and commendations. superior communicator coach and leader capable of cultivating key relationships and collaborating with diverse people and entities. highlights logistics training development safety compliance quality assurance program management policy development implementation project coordination aviation mechanic performance analysis experience postal support employee jan 2016 to current provide analysis reporting on key safety and quality assurance based measures as well as performance metrics. responsible for tracking inventory and procurement reports for management while using the data to create customer and vendor specific action plans. demonstrate good customer service skills in providing high quality environment for customers and other team members with a quick and accurate service while showing sensitivity to their individual needs. point of contact to make sure the abides by all regulatory and federal compliance to ensure we handle each case properly and eliminate liability. weatherization technician trainee jan 2015 to jan 2015 assisted in use
__label__TEACHER spanish teacher summary friendly spanish teacher summary friendly and energetic spanish teacher with ten years expertise in academic instruction and classroom management. highlights professional certification in secondary level spanish permanent certification in secondary inclusive education accomplishments achieved effective and highly effective status on all appr evaluations helped more than 15 students reach their iep goal of graduating with a regents diploma managed classes of up to 23 students chaperoned 25 field trips and after school activities designed twenty weekly lesson plans focused on age and level-appropriate material. coached jv girls soccer coached modified boys soccer freshman class advisor talent show coordinator eighth grade semi-formal coordinator experience spanish teacher 10/2003 to current teach spanish levels 1a 1b ii iii. create lessons incorporating smart board technology. administer the 8th grade proficiency exam. administer the level 3 spanish competency exam. administered student learning objective assessments. received tenure status september 1 2006. advised the middle school international club. developed and taught the 6th grade world cultures and languages program. chaperoned high school europe trip april 2005 . director of harris whalen location 06/2002 to 08/2004 directed a summer recreation camp with 2 assistant directors and 3 staff members. supervised 60 children ages 5-14 from 9-4pm. planned theme days
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant iii summary energetic accountant iii summary energetic mother of 4 with 10+ years experience in high-level support roles. i am organized professional and detail-oriented as well as a dedicated and focused individual who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals in a timely manner. effective analytical approach to identifying and solving complex problems. self-motivated with a strong work ethic with extensive bookkeeping accounting and clerical knowledge. experienced in a/p processes managing vendor relations and great problem resolution capabilities. highlights strong organizational skills sharp problem solver courteous demeanor energetic work attitude meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management education computer science mountain university usa ged ravenswood annex usa business education business garnet career center usa microsoft office specialist - word microsoft office specialist - excel perfect attendance a honor roll b honor roll general studies ravenswood high school usa accomplishments customer service assisted directed all associate staff at wv department of education concerning vendor registration to ensure that all information needed was completed properly and in accordance with laws. customer service accountability helped create an on-line reservation system for thewv department of education fleet owned cars to ensure information such as user mileage maintenance and other
__label__HEALTHCARE owner summary results-oriented individual owner summary results-oriented individual with diverse background in management and customer service. dedicated to providing excellent customer service and strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. highlights microsoft office proficiency employee training and development schedule management results-oriented dedicated team player resourceful bilingual in language arts and crafts aptitude meeting planning scheduling concierge duties operations management marketing and sales specialist excellent interpersonal and coaching skills recruiting and selection techniques interviewing staff development/training internet savvy able to work independently and as a member of a team comfortable with diverse populations excellent relationship building skills excellent writing and critical thinking skills interpersonal oral and written communication skills clear public speaking skills strong organizational skills seasoned in conflict resolution customer-oriented social media marketing event planning strong planning skills supervision and training client relations specialist exceptional writing skills event planning microsoft office suite dedicated team player certified in early childhood education classroom management parent/teacher conferences behavioral/cognitive skills development teaching tutoring and counseling effectively work with parents motivating students interactive teaching/learning innovative lesson planning conflict resolution techniques calm and patient curriculum development excellent classroom management excellent reading comprehension accomplishments customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving
__label__APPAREL apparel associate summary an apparel associate summary an organized detail-oriented and conscientious self starter able to learn and adapt quickly to new skills also able to strategized and prioritize effectively to accomplish multiple tasks and stay calm under pressure skills adaptability strong work ethic time management self-confidence handling pressure creativity communication team work motivation cash register typing basic computer skills customer assistance skills cashier customer assistance sales stock experience apparel associate aug 2017 to current stocking and zoning apparel and housewares merchandise recruiting assistant oct 2016 to may 2016 sealing/mailing off letters to football recruits making prints or copies of letters and/or paperwork signing recruits and families in for game day cashier/stocker dec 2015 to sep 2017 assisting customers in finding what they need recovering sales floor and keeping the store clean and organize so the shoppers can have a better and easier shopping experience. make customer purchases and/or returns cashier/sales associate may 2014 to aug 2015 assisting customers in finding what they need recovering sales floor and keeping the store clean and organize so the shoppers can have a better and easier shopping experience. make customer purchases and/or returns education and training business adminstration 2018 south louisiana community college business administration university of
__label__ARTS as k-12 principal professional as k-12 principal professional summary committed and passionate k-12 educational leader and lifelong learner with effective communication skills and 10 years of experience. builds trusting authentic relationships with students staff and parents. believes in analyzing and synthesizing classroom district and assessment data to drive instruction. work history - k-12 principal 08/2011 - current provided teacher feedback from formal and informal observations and walk-throughs. built trusting and authentic relationships with staff students parents and community members. helped create and support teacher professional goals. developed and implemented am seminar district-wide k-12 morning math and reading intervention program that included free breakfast program. developed curriculum for new teacher induction program and facilitated induction classes. facilitated monthly district-wide plc s and bi-monthly school-wide plc s mtss s. developed 3 monthly staff agendas one for each building trained teachers on effective teaching techniques classroom management strategies and behavior modification. developed and built positive behavior support program in all three buildings elementary middle and high school . presented data and other important instructional information regularly to school board. modeled engaging and rigorous instruction based on best practices. mentored and supported new and struggling teachers. worked with staff to resolve issues. built authentic and trusting relationships with
__label__ARTS assistant principal summary educational assistant principal summary educational administration assistant principal with 12 years in education and exceptional people skills. create and monitor a positive safe school cultural environment that ensures growth of both students and staff. inspire motivation to learn skilled at building secure relationships between communities parents students and teachers. core qualifications computer proficiency microsoft office suite adobe indesign adobe photoshop adobe illustrator cad quark xpress prezi goggle share documents mentor experience 10 years mentor experience students and teachers motivating students behavior modification learning style assessment building relations goal setting team building problem solver professional experience assistant principal 08/2013 to current supervise staff coordinate substitute schedule facilitate sub placement supervise and monitor staff attendance assist in staffing highly qualified teachers - interview prospective candidates assist principal with developing staff meetings coordinate staff development conduct staff observations and conferences assist principal with team building generate staff warnings supervise and assign staff duties counseling serve as student mentor and counselor when academic problems and personal adjustments arise arrange meetings with guardians to reach solutionsadvise teachers and parents of counseling referral process. foster student- teacher relationships advise staff of implementing classroom management strategies liaison for school counseling services depelchin parent communication regularly meet with parents
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development career focus business development award-winning sales marketing executive with extensive experience in growing and exceeding sales in multi-million dollar business operations in the food and beverage industries financial services and pharmaceutical industries. pragmatic and results orientated with a focus on bottom line results and have a proven track record of achieving and exceeding the standards of performance set out for any sales project. skilled in utilizing technology as a tool to improve organizational efficiency. seeking an executive management position in business development. summary of skills skills experience total years last used microsoft office suite expert quicken/ quick books expert adobe creative suite expert microsoft project expert professional experience 03/2014 to current responsibility for growing the baptist portfolio of eleven outpatient facilities in the fort lauderdale market. developed business plans and initiatives to assess new markets and analyze business opportunities. developed programs that are aimed at improving relationships with physicians by understanding practice patterns promoting relevant new services and providing training. cultivated strategic partnerships to develop and enhance business alliances for baptist health south florida bhsf . evaluated and analyzed sales data and provide recommendations to overall business planning strategies. actively worked with cross-functional teams to meet
__label__DESIGNER solution designer career overview solution designer career overview solutions-oriented consultant possessing a unique combination of skills including pre-sales business analysis project management and applications development experience in multiple top-tier erp systems. qualifications technical project management itil intermediate certifications systems implementation large-scale systems client facing pre-sales solution selling business process i mprovement accomplishments proven track record building managing and leading multi-disciplinary teams across various domains and skill levels created a comprehensive business development strategy and change management program for a global erp implementation project manager with over 4000 hours of experience on various information management and communication projects exceeded sales quota by 5 in assigned territories by providing pre-sales support to internal and external customers led the successful full life-cycle of multiple erp implementations as lead functional consultant cultivated cross-functional communications through the creation of strategic relationships work experience solution designer 02/2014 to 02/2016 designed and delivered management value added consulting and strategic technology infrastructure solutions for the air transit industry market space technical project manager for the implementation of over 300 cuss common use self service kiosks and supporting it infrastructure for a major discount airline at twenty-two airports valued at over 5m technical project manager for the development of new technologies and platforms
__label__ENGINEERING clinical engineering manager summary clinical engineering manager summary a accomplished clinical engineering manager with more than 12 years of training and experience i lead clinical engineering directives to provide superior customer service and operational efficiency. i have a proven track record managing the execution of the medical equipment management plan at various health facilities in the west virginia regional area. i posses exceptional team building and leadership skills. customer focused with proven skills in interpersonal relations negotiation and written and verbal communications. developed and provided informative written reports for administration on regulatory compliance cost savings contract administration strategic planning and process improvement. with focus on regulatory compliance of the medical equipment plan i consistently keep updated on requirements from tjc cms nfpa and other governmental agencies with a proven track record of no written recommendations from regulatory inspections. experience clinical engineering manager 06/1996 to 01/2016 manager of clinical biomedical service inc. responsible for the medical equipment management plans of hospitals and medical facilities in west virginia. responsible for all budgets project estimates salaries evaluations personnel recruitment hiring training and dismissal. trained and supervised employees in performing electrical safety procedures repair service and preventive maintenance of medical equipment. proficient at medical equipment compliance and risk
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development specialist professional business development specialist professional overview results-oriented sales and business development leader with technical background skill highlights excellent written oral and interpersonal communication skills strong analytical problem-solving and conceptual skills self-motivated with the ability to plan schedule and prioritize daily activities works well in a team environment and independent assignments proficient with sap crm ms office applications advanced typing skills professional work ethic with commitment to excel in changing environment core accomplishments 2013 - 2014 awarded microsoft m.v.p. six consecutive quarters for consistent top performer sap q3 - q4 2015 generated 13.3m pipeline / 6.8m closed business sap q1 - q3 2016 generated 18.7 pipeline / 2.3m closed business professional experience march 2015 to september 2016 business development specialist develop new business opportunities across the sap northeast large enterprise territory consistently exceeded all market generated opportunity and revenue quotas strategically worked with my assigned filed representatives to develop and deploy go-to-market strategies to acquire new business for sap implement outbound marketing campaigns maintain accurate and up-to-date information within crm on all accounts recommend and introduce key solutions to c-level executives within my territory leverage solution specialist and engineers to further qualify and develop opportunities utilize spin selling and bant sales approach
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate summary seeking patient advocate summary seeking an opportunity in an management/hr department where my professional experience and education will allow me to make an immediate contribution as an integral part of a progressive organization. education and training healthcare administration- human resources 2017 herzing university- online unitted states bachelor of science management - human resource management 2009 kaplan university united states business administration management 2007 kaplan university wfhm reverse mentoring senior management 1983 msta business college wfhm diversity program mba 2011 - chuck bishop/ eric stoddard diverse leaders program cra best practices project october 2011 business administration management learning and development springfield il human resources mentor- jennifer cultip smith hr manager nc experience patient advocate may 2017 to current as a patient advocate i am responsible for the developing revising and implementing policies and procedures as needed. facilitates the patient complaint/grievance process with positive patient experience. making rounds to each unit daily visit all new admissions and also identify patients needs or issues and then visit the patients to advocate on their behalf. actively working with unit leaders and staff to assign and assure follow-up action is taken quickly to resolve all issues. documenting and reporting trends in patient attitudes and /or obstacles
__label__AVIATION aviation operation specialist summary aviation operation specialist summary pursuing a position as a client support specialist ii along with the opportunity to achieve and maintain the highest level of customer service data compilation and team excellence. highlights staff training and development new employee orientations microsoft office suite expert attention to detail maintains confidentiality people-oriented organized exceptional communicator secret security clearance clearable accomplishments awarded with good conduct medal for excellent military service awarded 2 army achievement medals. experience aviation operation specialist january 2014 to february 2015 - compiled managed and maintained sensitive flight data for more than 60 aviators ensuring all flight departures and arrivals were successful and all aviator flight information was accurately and consistently logged for daily and weekly flight reports. safeguarded analyzed and maintained up-to-date aviator flight hours and personnel individual flight records utilizing centralized aviation flight records cafrs information operating systems for more than 60 aviators identifying and correcting deficiencies by 20 . presented excellent communication skills through secured radios identifying all aviators medical status their aircraft information and location in cases of precautionary landings due to aircraft deficiencies weather or accidents in order to inform the appropriate channels with a increased response and personnel and aircraft recovery time. monitored secured
__label__ADVOCATE donor advocate professional summary donor advocate professional summary organized professional with a passion to help others. backed by four years of classroom teaching experience one year leading an international children s choir and over two years in donor relations i enjoy working with others in an effort to help them feel valued and successful. i am a creative thinker eager to learn and discover new ways to implement strategies in order to successfully reach others. skills detail-oriented effective time management strong written and oral communication skills strategic thinker goal-oriented relationship building crm experience salesforce software work history donor advocate 08/2017 to 03/2020 responsible for cultivating relationships and managing giving goals of 300 donors created individualized communication plans and giving goals for each donor as a benchmark marketing strategy ensured donors were properly acknowledged personally thanked and updated on the impact of their gifts worked with internal departments to secure appropriate project information and created offers and proposals that were used to secure gifts executed a specific plan to retain and upgrade donors used crm systems including salesforce team leader for the children of the world choir 07/2016 to 06/2017 led a team of 19 individuals including 13 children from the philippines nepal honduras and
__label__DESIGNER mechanical designer summary i mechanical designer summary i am a current mechanical designer for i.a.s. i am extremely versatile reliable and efficient with 15+ years experience supporting managers business owners and executives in high paced environments in a wide variety of professional positions. diversified skills include client relations utilizing different design mediums being hands on project management and working extremely well in both team environments and on my own. experience 02/2016 to current mechanical designer my primary responsibility is to ensure that clients are thrilled through design planning and implementation while making sure interstate s services are the highest quality possible. maintain schedules thru interaction with clients and project managers personnel and clients. maintain ongoing project requirements and specifications for multiple projects. review design efforts for team to ensure that quality is being maintained. manage and scope investigations into form or function of a feature or set of features in a design. to create and refine technical and mechanical parts as well as assembly drawings to capture design intent and documentation. guide other interstate staff. 02/2016 to 08/2016 lead horticulturalist/manager develop improved measurement techniques soil conservation methods soil sampling devices or related technology. identify or classify species of insects or allied forms such as
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern summary motivated engineering intern summary motivated entry level civil engineer with technical knowledge and a quality assurance mindset necessary to conquer unforeseen obstacles. organized detail-oriented and efficient work ethics. committed to high performance and mastering tasks to better future duties. relevant courses materials of construction construction management reinforced concrete structural steel design survey engineering leadership foundation design environmental engineering soil engineering transportation engineering experience engineering intern 05/2017 to 08/2017 spreadsheets estimating dealt with subcontractors/suppliers plan revisions field engineering intern 05/2016 to 08/2016 drill logs time cards drilled shaft concrete pours quantities field engineering intern 05/2015 to 08/2015 spreadsheets concrete rfi s soil nail wall installation skills bluebeam mathcad microsoft word excel project powerpoint autocad civil 3d. education and training bachelor of science civil engineering 2018 university of pittsburgh at johnstown gpa 3.01 activities and honors dean s list - 2013
__label__CHEF chef credentials national registry chef credentials national registry of food safety professionals certified food safety manager national registry of food safety professionals test administrator/proctor education and training high school diploma jun 1991 newington high school summary passionate chef with broad background in various culinary styles and positions. a natural leader with excellent interpersonal communication skills and the ability to get things done overcoming any obstacles. accomplishments voted best restaurant 2013 multiple best of accolades experience chef oct 2016 to current all aspects of an independently operated hospital kitchen including staffing payroll menus inventory/ordering p l employee training and discipline cleaning and equipment maintenance. monitor p l and food and labor costs to maximize budget and minimize waste. interview hire and train new staff. oversee dietetic techs and work closely with dietitians to ensure that all specialized diets were adhered to as well as creating flavorful recipes to enhance the taste and presentation while adhering to specific dietary needs. handle all cash deposits and maintain statistical reports to monitor trends and account for all money. reduced food costs by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format. systematically tasted and smelled all prepared
__label__ADVOCATE veteran advocate intern professional veteran advocate intern professional summary an industrious organized professional with excellent analytical and observational skills who enjoys working as a team-player and desires to work for a professional in the human services field. an industrious organized professional with excellent analytical and observational skills who enjoys working as a team-player and desires to work for a professional in the human services field. skills conflict resolution skills superior organizational skills exceptional interpersonal skills ability to work effectively with a team excellent customer service skills effective problem solving skills excellent critical thinking skills detail oriented ability to maintain confidentiality experienced interviewer and trainer able to perform in critical or unusual situations capable of dealing with cyclical workload pressures awareness of federal and employment related laws and regulations time management skills computer skills - xp professional/windows 10 microsoft office microsoft word powerpoint excel trained in basic spss software microsoft outlook internet explorer google windows live childplus sen-track database conflict resolution skills superior organizational skills exceptional interpersonal skills ability to work effectively with a team excellent customer service skills effective problem solving skills excellent critical thinking skills detail oriented ability to maintain confidentiality experienced interviewer and trainer able to perform in critical or unusual situations
__label__AVIATION supervisory logistics management specialist supervisory logistics management specialist summary a target focused highly motivated and competent logistics manager with a long track record of utilizing people personnel and financial budgets to obtain positive results. comprehensive understanding of logistics methodology aviation maintenance management inventory control as well as demonstrating high standards of work practices with a safety conscious attitude. highlights data collection and analysis exceptional organizational skills analytical thinker creative problem solver public speaking inventory tracking budget management staffing and recruiting professional works well independently decisive results-oriented strategic planner works well independently flexible accomplishments leadership supervised 10 marines and 20 civilians in the issuing to the department of defense and nato units 2 920 pieces of ground support equipment gse and aviation weapon support equipment awse . research conducted research which led to the development of contingency program for tracking all maintenance actions performed. people management responsible for the training /recertification of 21 personnel while utilizing a training budget of 12 000.00 dollars. financial management directly responsible for a fiscal year budget of 228 170.00 dollars . maintained 100 accountability of a large section of equipment worth over 16 million dollars . steered daily operations in support of 16 million in equipment and supplies with
__label__FINANCE operations and finance manager operations and finance manager summary communication skills - proven ability to produce formal written reports with the subheadings of table of contents executive summary statement of purpose observations conclusions and recommendations. like reading a chapter in a textbook possess well-developed skills with interpersonal customer relations e-mails group presentations analytic abilities - expert level proficiency using microsoft office applications excel word access power point visio. proven understanding of relational database concepts microsoft outlook. microsoft certified sql sequel server vba coding. creating administering and modifying complex reporting applications to provide vital reporting functions to middle senior and executive management professional job experience collections / supervisory - over eleven years experience manager of collections and enforcement branches supervising and managing two branches with eleven employees of the of the oklahoma turnpike authority regarding incoming and outgoing collection calls and collection issues. semi annual performance appraisals. performing rfp bids for third party collections. pursuing insurance claims for damages to turnpike property. credit / business analysis - over eleven years banking experience in evaluating administering and approving loans and other complex financial accounting analysis. as member of loan review team for five years i was rep for senior loan committee participated and led reviews of
__label__AVIATION supply chain manager summary supply chain manager summary operations manager fiu college of business mba programs experience november 2013 to july 2014 supply chain manager achieved corporate goals through the development and execution of strategy policy and leadership. primarily but not limited to activities relating to master planning tactical purchasing receiving warehousing and shipping and general materials management. created and implemented supply chain operational excellence plan and business process improvement plan to increase inventory turns from 4 average turns per year to 7 average annual turns per year within a high mix low volume global business environment. controlled inventory assets to include expendable aircraft parts rotable and exchange pool assets chemicals miscellaneous shop supplies and consumable items valued at 6.8 million dollars. achieved and maintained kpi s related to inventory turns purchase price variances material availability on-time delivery past due backlog customer lead time and overtime premium expenses. through both strategic initiatives and tactical response ensured material availability for fulfilling customer orders on time meeting target customer lead times and fulfilling revenue commitments. responsible for weekly cycle count program and annual physical inventory processes. maintained a key role in the execution of monthly sales inventory and operations siop goals. implemented lean principles change management
__label__CHEF sushi chef experience sushi sushi chef experience sushi chef 05/2018 to 04/2019 working for snowfox sushi inside a king soopers. chef responsibilities include making rolls in the morning for the rest of the day prepping all the roll ingredients in the afternoon for the next days morning shift and putting away the order when it arrives. evening cook/breakfast cook 04/2016 to 01/2017 worked at the winslow as an evening cook three nights a week and two mornings a week working as the morning cook. cooper r. snook is the head supervisor of the kitchen who i thoroughly enjoy working with and who taught me a lot of what i know now. cook 07/2014 to 12/2015 this was the job that i thoroughly enjoyed and learned a lot about myself as an individual and i captured my work ethic. my beginning duties included but were not limited to delivery orders. i excelled with this venture and by my end date i held the title of assistant manager. cook 05/2014 to 07/2014 a beginner job out of high school that i enjoyed and am glad i had the opportunity to work here. it was a face paced job that challenged me in many aspects of the
__label__DESIGNER set designer summary visual set designer summary visual merchandiser committed to staying current on market trends and consumer interests. collaborates with management to create the best product plans and boost sales revenue while delivering exceptional customer experience. experience set designer jan 2014 to current - create concept and craft sets to be used on t.v. commercials websites newspaper advertisements brochures and magazine select furniture accessories draperies wall art and props for decorative quality and appearance ensure set is properly broken down and disposed of after use collaborate with art director and photographers on direction and style of the set make adjustments needed during shooting and filming with photographers filming and lighting crew visual merchandiser jul 2011 to jan 2014 - coordinate placement of new merchandise on the showroom floor conduct periodic physical inventories of furniture and accessories develop and create in-store displays and other visuals communicate with associates and management to acquire customer feedback coordinate with showroom management to bring in new products based on sales and demand select limited ltd products only available to certain stores based on demographics and the demands of customers within our region revamp and restore showroom walls by patching holes and painting where necessary to ensure the showroom
__label__HEALTHCARE operations manager professional summary operations manager professional summary excellent time management abilities with sound relationship and building skills. able to manage effectively at all levels strong leadership skills and strong financial/analytical understandings. developed and managed monthly and yearly budgets implemented total quality management tqm and empowered staff to maximize their growth potentials. profit/loss statements graphs to show supervisors ceo president month to month statements on how each department and/or was doing along with recommendations on what should be done to continue or improve on previous months and trends. managed multiple sites program development hire and terminations of all employees highlights of accomplishments increase profits by increasing both billing revenue and productivity of employees. improve customer satisfaction through education and decreasing scheduling conflicts. decrease loss revenue through billing department working with customers and payments educating customers on their responsibilities to pay improve employee production decrease the amount of employee sick time through incentive programs highly analytical healthcare management professional combining more than 28 years of work in healthcare with proficiency in financial management leadership and positive clinical outcomes. skills budgeting proficiency strategic planning capability analytical thinker quality improvement competency promotes positive behavior accomplished leader independent judgment and decision making work history 03/2004 to 02/2008 operations
__label__CONSTRUCTION regional schedule manager summary regional schedule manager summary mr. ginder has been working in the heavy civil construction industry for nearly 20 years. he has been working primarily as a primavera scheduler since 2006. the range of the projects vary between less than 5 million railroad projects to over 1.3 billion light rail projects. the type of projects range from railroads mass transit light rail systems interstate highway projects and marine bridge projects. highlights primavera 6 up to version 8.2 tilos linear schedule sure track ms project excel / word / powerpoint estimating software - hcss certified professional engineer enterprise one jd edwards cost software resource and cost loaded schedules primavera contract manager / expedition autocad version 13 training in advanced project management in primavera p6 accomplishments prepared a proposal schedule for a design build project with mndot that was key for ames successful proposal. instrumental in developing the schedules for various design phases and work packages for the first contract manager general contractor cmgc project with mndot. prepared numerous schedules with cost loaded resource data to support the full funding grant agreement for a 1.3 billion light rail project. education b.s.e civil engineering 1991 colorado school of mines civil engineering experience regional schedule
__label__BANKING sales trading intern professional sales trading intern professional summary 5+ years of management and operational experience built on strong people skills and common sense experience in entrepreneurial process improvement and growth management substantial exposure to business cultures in north america europe and asia china singapore south korea understanding the various business elements people operations sales marketing finance legal - their inter-dependence work experience july 2009 sales trading intern worked directly with senior managing directors and associates of the firm assisting them with the introduction of their prime brokerage service lcg primeview. provided asset and market analysis conducted cold calls and communicated directly with domestic and international high net worth clients. reviewed merger prospectuses and provided daily current events summaries. researched particular assets in order to help shape sales pitches for brokers. july 2008 investment banking intern worked directly with the senior managing directors and associates of the firm assisting their senior portfolio managers with client relations and account management. researched particular assets in order to help shape sales pitches for associates. prepared business plans a business pipeline business summaries and performed routine office tasks. attended shareholder meetings with senior managing directors. july 2007 associate july 2006 education hampden-sydney college 2010 bachelor of arts economics
__label__ADVOCATE customer service advocate summary customer service advocate summary talented customer service manager skilled at balancing customer needs and demands. effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals. a sales manager skilled in exceeding sales goals and expectations by expanding client base and maintaining high standards of customer service. skills superb sales professional store planning and design strong communication skills detail-oriented personnel training and development time management proficient in ms office accomplishments awarded annual merit increases during the first 15 years of employment. consistently exceeded daily sales targets with an average of 5000+ in sales each day. managed a successful sales team of 20 members who consistently exceeded sales goals by 80 each month. successfully managed 1.4 million in merchandise per day. fulfilled all supervisory duties when store manager was on vacation. interviewed applicants and successfully staffed any vacancies throughout store focusing primarily on assigned areas. routinely helped as many as 20 customers each day in a high-volume retail outlet. promoted to call center lead within 6 months of employment. experience 03/2015 to 10/2016 customer service advocate addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. maintained up-to-date records at all times. provided accurate and appropriate information in
__label__FITNESS cashier career focus to cashier career focus to obtain a position with a that can utilize my skills and lead to a career. i am a hard working individual with great problem solving skills as well as a fast learner. i am looking for a personal training opportunity that can help me to reach my full potential. core qualifications nutrition supplement familiarity cpr and first aid certified basketball coach former division ii player aed certification fitness equipment expertise personable and friendly planning/coordinating professional demeanor organizational planning detail oriented weight training expertise dedicated education and training fitness nutrition certification personal training certification nutrition science human anatomy and physiology weight loss management 2013 national academy of sports medicine coursework in health and physical education exercise science and kinesiology personal trainer certificate attended seminar on weight loss management coursework in nutrition science human anatomy and physiology bachelor of science nutrition science human anatomy and physiology clark atlanta university coursework in nutrition science human anatomy and physiology member of biological science club 3.12 gpa accomplishments recruited 63 new members for the fitness center in the first 2 months of employment. interests anything involving physical fitness such as jogging playing football and basketball weight lifting and cycling. work experience
__label__FITNESS vice president executive profile vice president executive profile manufacturing and operations executive proficient in the design and development of lean operations processes and systems for an innovative led products manufacturer operating in 28 countries. expert at constructing new facilities integrating acquired facilities installing process improvements building high-performance teams and automating operations to improve yield. an experienced customer service executive with a proven record of establishing and managing first-rate highly profitable service organizations. competencies hard skills soft skills strategic/operational business financial planning quick and fervent learner multi-site operations productivity enhancement team building and motivation international sourcing supply chain management foresighted and fastidious tactician call center implementation management high emotional iq and adept communication skills crm implementations calm and decisive under pressure customer vendor/supplier oem relationships technically and environmentally adaptable budgeting operating/capital pricing strategies expert at negotiation costing margin/profit improvement roi experienced public speaker extensive technical acumen rigorous work ethic acute problem-solver senior staff training and development thought leadership skill highlights strategic operational business and financial planning multi-site operations and productivity enhancements international sourcing and supply chain management call center implementation and mangement crm implementations customer vendor/supplier oem relationships budgeting operating/capital pricing strategies costing margin/profit improvements roi extensive technical acumen senior staff training and development quick
__label__ADVOCATE patient health advocate summary patient health advocate summary as a patient health advocate i am highly motivated and qualified in customer service. by establishing a quick rapport and utilizing both a calming and inquisitive style i am confident that my many years of experience will prove to be an asset. i am seeking a position that will provide a variety of new skills and experience. skills client relations specialist conflict resolution techniques focused on customer satisfaction skilled multi-tasker high customer service standards call center management experience telecommunications knowledge proficient with microsoft office suite skills careful and active listener professional and friendly multi-tasking computer proficiency customer needs assessment customer service data collection data entry documentation email typing microsoft excel microsoft office suite microsoft outlook experience november 2016 to current patient health advocate ability to motivate patients to utilize therapy equipment in accordance with their physician s direction. combined skills encouraging complying with equipment utilization while facilitating an effective and efficient resolution that the patient accepts and can adhere to. manage all aspects of patient compliance monitoring for a specified regional and/or demographic using patient monitoring applications and resources. use application to manage administration features patient administration/data loading and correcting usage data creating or editing patient
__label__CHEF executive chef-partner summary proven executive chef-partner summary proven abilities in fine dining restaurants catering corporate dining and provisioning. well versed in cost control p l analysis menu production design sanitation purchasing and receiving as well as all duties concerning a restaurant s day to day operation. highlights servsafe certified foodmanager servsafe liquor certified 13ct caterer liquor licensee florida gaming commission licensee experience executive chef-partner july 2014 to current daily supervision of boh team members. weekly supervision of foh operations-customer service point of sales management staffing and financials for 1.5m annual sales revenue. reduced food costs by 9 by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. implemented portioning systems throughout all areas of the kitchen. retrained staff in proper recipe and sanitation h.a.c.c.p adherence. expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. catering manager/executive chef march 2014 to july 2014 plan and execute all off site catering and events for catering department obtain new clients and track sales. event planning of all sizes at all stages. menu planning and execution from prep to production. executive chef august 2013 to march 2014 r d of foods plan menus and production for new concept with
__label__ADVOCATE member advocate education and member advocate education and training 2009 university of the incarnate word bachelor of business administration 2011 university of the incarnate word master of business administration professional experience 01/2012 - current member advocate represent dentaquest at community events and meetings to provide information to low-income populations about the dental benefits available to medicaid and chip eligible members. establish develop and maintain partnerships with community organizations to identify and coordinate outreach opportunities that will facilitate growth in enrollment. conduct presentations to promote preventative dental care through good oral hygiene practices and compliance with texas health steps checkups. provide case management to members in need of care coordination and assist members with claims issues and appeals. 01/2012 provider relations specialist served as a liaison between the medicaid and chip managed care contractor and health care providers. responsible for establishing and maintaining working relationships with the existing provider network. researched and resolved provider inquiries to include credentialing claims issues complaints and grievances. educated providers on new protocols policies and procedures to facilitate process improvements. ensured provider database and documentation was up to date accurate and complete. assisted with the development and implementation of provider training programs. 01/2011 business development/admissions coordinator responsible for the development
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS executive director professional summary executive director professional summary non-profit executive director over 15 years of progressive experience in non-profit management with a wealth of experience in grant-writing fund raising development public relations and marketing experience executive director may 2001 to current - providing overall management of the legislatively mandated early learning coalition working with the board of directors to develop and implement the agency s strategic visions while keeping the board informed on issues that affect programs making sound recommendations regarding program management providing overall financial management of 6 million annual budget and direction for funding consistent with board policy and directives preparing budgets and ensuring financial accountability and sustainability providing oversight for the service delivery system in accordance with the mission and purpose of the agency managing fund raising and maintaining strong relationships with funding sources grant-writing managing marketing and public relations functions to further the identity of the agency in the community providing oversight of the resources allocation processes and procedures serving as an advocate with local agencies associations institutions media local and federal government and allied organizations supervising a staff of 16 other duties include oversight of contracts and compliance monitoring and encouraging best practices agency wide implementation of the agency
__label__DESIGNER interior designer summary a interior designer summary a results oriented designer with the objective to evolve creatively in the field of interior design. experienced organized and adept at developing creative solutions. experience interior designer january 2011 to current interior designer/ outside sales representative march 2006 to january 2011 established new accounts and business relationships with construction companies and local builders. assisted builders and their clients with specification of all interior finishes within budget. provided design sketches and spec sheets to clients and contractors. placed orders accordingly and scheduled deliveries. interfaced with contractor and installers to ensure proper procurement. attended sales meetings to establish new goals and sales quotas. interior designer may 2005 to august 2009 consulted with clients to determine architectural and design preference. assisted in selection of all interior and exterior finishes. developed design drawings and spec sheets accordingly. interfaced with builder and all sub-contractors on site to ensure proper procurement and installation. oversight of all product and materials orders and deliveries. maintained communication with clients and contractor throughout the building process to facilitate any special requests or change orders. designers i / owner consult with clients and/or contractors to determine scope of work design style preferences and budgets. specify products and materials
__label__SALES sales associate abigail fulton sales associate abigail fulton accomplishments demonstrated strong communication skills through extensive work with a diverse population president of academic and extracurricular organizations preparing and overseeing the coordination of events team captain of collegiate sports ensuring a positive environment acquired over 20 new families to join the local swim lessons program. demonstrated strong communication skills through extensive work with a diverse population president of academic and extracurricular organizations preparing and overseeing the coordination of events team captain of collegiate sports ensuring a positive environment acquired over 20 new families to join the local swim lessons program. professional summary enthusiastic college student excited to explore the marketing and social media fields possessing expertise in personal communications and cultivating human relationships. motivated customer service specialist with over 4 years of work experience in a fast-paced team-based environment including more than 10 years experience leading a swim and water polo teams. enthusiastic college student excited to explore the marketing and social media fields possessing expertise in personal communications and cultivating human relationships. motivated customer service enthusiast with over 4 years of work experience in a fast-paced team-based environment including more than 10 years experience leading a swim and water polo teams. skills relationship selling
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction materials field representative construction materials field representative summary result-oriented high-energy hands-on professional. highly motivated creative organized and versatile person with over twelve years experience within the construction materials inspection and testing industry. i possess the ability to solve complex problems in a fast-paced environment by using critical thinking and assertiveness. i have proven ability to self-direct complete projects with limited supervision and grasp new concepts and ideas effectively. i am talented in team building seeing opportunities strategic planning and leadership development for effective strategy execution. i am logical and purposeful in my approach to creating and delivering value. my personality is very even keeled which provides me the ability to acclimate to any environment. i will prove to be an asset to your company. i can assure you that my work experience and initiative will help me achieve all goals expected of me. specialities strong leadership excellent communication skills verbal written media competent excellent presentation service-oriented active listener social perceptiveness critical thinker strong team player detail-oriented goal-oriented motivated dutiful respect for compliance in all regulatory organizations. accomplishments asphalt paving technician level 1 florida department of transportation may 2005 -earthwork construction inspection florida department of transportation september 2005 - asphalt paving technician level1b texas
__label__SALES sales representative summary bi-lingual sales representative summary bi-lingual efficient service teams. skills hard working friendly and enthusiastic able to learn new tasks customer and personal quickly represent establishment with friendly professional matters at service all times. experience sales representative oct 2017 to oct 2017 cashier selling lottery tickets to customers. managed the receptionist area including greeting and responding to information asked. doing basic mathematics adding subtracting and multiplying. handing money and prices. front desk receptionist dec 2015 to aug 2016 greet persons entering establishment and direct them to specific destinations. operate telephone or forward calls taking messages or scheduling reservations. receive payment and record receipts for services. hear and resolve complaints from customers. transmit information or documents to customers using computer mail or facsimile machine. collect sort distribute guest mail. enroll individuals to participate in our hotel rewards program. calculate and quote rates for hourly weekly rates. perform duties such as straightening magazines to maintain lobby or reception area clean. room service dec 2015 to aug 2016 take food orders and relay orders to kitchen staff. place food servings on plates or trays. examine trays to ensure that they contain required items. stock service stations with items such as ice napkins or straws. remove
__label__CONSTRUCTION director of development professional director of development professional summary real estate / development / construction executive versatile executive with 38 years experience in the real estate and construction industries possessing a combination of hands on technical experience coupled with strong organizational and leadership skills to manage project teams from concept to completion. honest and thoughtful style results in loyal teams that work toward a common goal. strategic thinker and planner with analytical skills and proven aptitude to manage complex and numerous projects and coordinate the efforts of corporate departments landlords designers consultants and contractors to turn over successful projects. honest and pragmatic approach to conflict resolution and problem solving. immense pursuit and tireless effort to produce successful and timely results. strong real estate aptitude allows for thorough due diligence and market analysis for contract purchase and lease administration. commercial and residential project management - development - estimating - budget preparation and implementation - profit loss responsibility - value engineering - cost control - team building - employee training - site selection -- land use entitlement - permitting - design and plan review - bidding and negotiation - purchase and lease negotiation - purchase lease and contract administration construction manager familiar with preparing and negotiating
__label__CONSULTANT consultant profile around 5 consultant profile around 5 years of experience in gathering requirements design development testing and implementing solutions in sap and mobile. worked as business analyst in telecom utility industry. good knowledge of operations maintenance business process. experienced in sap eam using compatible units design and integration of design with work orders. experience in end-to-end process using computable units for gas and electric line of business. experienced in planning and executing scenarios for end-to-end testing documentation and end user training performed configuration for plant maintenance module for end to end process in integration with material management module knowledgeable in sales and distribution module. extensive experience in documenting reporting requirements to development of the same in sap ecc and bw. possess the ability to grasp quickly new concepts and apply the same the skill which are typical requirements for working in large sap r/3 implementations. an excellent team player with a deep sense of commitment and strong desire to learn and grow. strengths include intellectual ability ability to work under pressure. excellent communication interpersonal and presentation skills. good understanding of software development life cycles and its different phases. deans excellence scholarship and distinguish scholar award at ut dallas. expertise 5 years of experience
__label__AVIATION aviation safety assistant summary aviation safety assistant summary i have 17 years of customer service experience as a administrative assistant with the federal aviation administration. throughout my career i have earned several awards and recognitions for my commitment to people team player award and administrative employee of the year several times. i have also received several awards for arranging organizing and preparing meals for myself for 40- to 60 people for charity lunches that take place weekly ever year from oct 1st to december 15th i have been doing this since 2003 in addition to keeping up with my other responsibilities. although i have not worked in a restaurant since a teenager i believe my desire to work and my exemplary costumer service skills would serve me and the well in this position. highlights reliable and punctual cash handling reliable team worker neat clean and professional appearance comfortable standing for long time periods comfortable standing for long time periods delivers exceptional customer service engaging personality excellent multi-tasker accomplishments recognized by peers and management for going above and beyond normal job functions. 2014 administrative employee of the year award 2013 administrative employee of the year award 2009 commitment to quality service productivity 2007 commitment to
__label__FINANCE finance coordinator summary to finance coordinator summary to acquire a position that will grant me the opportunity to contribute to the efficient operation of a firm and earn advancement through my job performance. highlights accounting systems assessment account reconciliations budget analysis general and tax accounting accounts receivable professional fiscal budgeting knowledge invoice coding familiarity strong communication skills general ledger accounting skills multi-state payroll adp federal and tax regulations record-keeping i-9 documentation accounts payable internal controls microsoft applications billing independent worker time management attention to detail exceptionally organized relationship building reliable excellent communication skills bilingual in spanish flexible excellent time management skills accomplishments accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. experience 06/2010 to current finance coordinator responsible for the preparation of bi-weekly payroll including retirement plans termination union dues as well as resolving insurance issues and deductions for 30+ employees using the paychex system. maintained and entered time-keeping data for collected bi-weekly timesheets into paychex time and labor system with particular focus on processing exempt non-exempt hours personal vacation sick leave. applied knowledge of applicable laws as
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary i have honed my professional craft by working in new york most recently gastro arte and oxford kitchen fort greene brooklyn hoboken oaxaca mexico as well as presiding over two top rated highly coveted award winning well known extremely high volume knowles family restaurants and hotel in new jersey in which my skills were perfected and completed in all aspects of running award winning restaurants. with this comes a proven track record and an excellent reputation .after my time at the highlawn i was given the reigns of their sister restaurant the manor as the chef d cuisine because of my work ethic dedication to my staff and my craft. with the opportunity to run my own establishment i was brought on to open gastro pubs such as sixty park next door to the pac center and the tap house grill. i opened these establishments as upscale casual and rustic comfort food with banquet and catering on site to excellent reviews and a steady following. i am also heavily involved as a lead chef consultant for creating successful menus and kitchen designs to open such restaurants as halcyon and montclair station in montclair nj and bistro
__label__AVIATION maintenance mechanic summary i maintenance mechanic summary i am a graduate with an associate of applied science in power-plant airframe technology and with an faa a p license with experience in troubleshooting repairing and maintaining aircraft engines and systems as well as repairing and rebuilding aircraft structures and functional components. i m currently working as a maintenance mechanic with fairmount santrol with experience in splicing belts rebuilding pumps changing motors bearing and gearboxes. detail-oriented and very efficient i am seeking a position with a that fully utilizes my experience and abilities. skill areas maintenance inspections repairs troubleshooting work experience maintenance mechanic 12/2017 to current preventative maintenance maintenance inspections and repairs troubleshooting a p mechanic 06/2017 to 12/2017 aircraft maintenance preventative maintenance inspection and repair troubleshooting. carpenter 11/2016 to 06/2017 construct and repair wooden objects and structures. osr/ cart attendant 04/2015 to 08/2015 provided excellent customer service to over hundreds patrons daily to ensure return customer base remained solid. education associate of applied science airframe power-plant technology 2016 hallmark university certifications faa airframe power-plant license
__label__HR hr analyst summary experienced hr analyst summary experienced professional with background in human resources administrative and customer service environments. proficient in ms excel word power point share point taleo autonomy one note sap visio orgplus and outlook. able to effectively manage project tasks and implement processes to support immediate and long-term objectives. accomplishments lead hr team through successful clean-up categorization and electronic conversion of over 3 500 employee files. experience october 2012 to july 2015 hr analyst provide human resources and employee relations transactional service assistance to managers and employees throughout kraft foods. work to ensure process integration is supported within hr function during kraft merger by adapting to and executing revised hr methods. serve as lead for workforce solutions intake group providing guidance on hr task questions overseeing intake scheduling defining current processes and implementing new processes to increase productivity. oversee share point site updates ensure systems are operational in accordance with intake needs. serve as point of contact for is and technical concerns. lead intake team through successful clean-up categorization and scanning of over 3 500 employee files. implement and maintain processes for the addition of employee documentation through autonomy systems database. support sr. hr director by monitoring collecting and analyzing manager
__label__HR hr coordinator professional summary hr coordinator professional summary highly efficient hr coordinator well established in administrative environments that are fast-paced and challenging. core qualifications exceptional interpersonal skills innovative microsoft office suite expert human resources audits maintains confidentiality personnel records maintenance new hire orientation applicant tracking system eeo reporting hrms people-oriented organized exceptional communicator recruiting experience hr coordinator 09/2012 - current - responsible for initiating tracking and follow up of background checks and drug tests. first day on-board for new employee - first day documents i-9 and tour of the building. conducts exit interviews - relays info back to management. routes positions for approval and posts requisitions to the careers page and to outside job boards. recruits for warehouse driver and entry level to mid level positions using kenexa brassring and sourcing resumes from online jobsites/databases. run applicant flow logs from applicant tracking system putting data into aa-eeo spreadsheet. attends college career fairs to recruit potential interns and fill other positions as necessary. initiates and leads best practices initiatives. administrator for employee performance review program tool access database . responsible for reviewing manager s submissions of employee performance reviews to ensure proper content and giving feedback to the manager. maintains associate personnel files from filing
__label__FITNESS cashier career overview experienced cashier career overview experienced receptionist personable and enthusiastic receptionist with more than 15 years of experience in training operations and customer service in various positions including reception. detail-oriented professional skilled at working independently and with diverse teams to ensure results. effective communicator comfortable with people from multicultural backgrounds and demonstrated history of establishing rapport with leaders at all levels. areas of expertise customer service cash management order processing microsoft office electronic medical records interpersonal communications training and instruction nonprofit case management medical terminology schedule maintenance multi-line reception administrative support purchasing procedures vendor negotiations exam room preparation work experience cashier january 2012 to january 2013 greeted customers upon arrival and responded to inquiries for product or policy information. calculated costs and managed cash drawer before during and after shifts to ensure accuracy. answered more than 20 calls daily to resolve customer concerns and answer product questions. issued credits receipts and refunds to customers and maintained loyal clientele. maintained cleanliness and order around checkout areas. assisted with pricing and stocking of products including special order coordination. responded to customer complaints to resolve issues in a proactive and helpful manner. fitness instructor assistant january 2012 supported recreational sports team including coordination of programs
__label__AVIATION trip coordinator accomplishments developing trip coordinator accomplishments developing new processes to captures procurement and minimize work flow time for other departments. maintaining a competitive cost structure while restructuring in response to a changing market and acquisitions. changed a non-manager financial technician position into a manager of operational finance position which included managing two department s budgets and the day to day operating procurement. delivered results by erasing a 1.3 million in expenses along with innovative ways to cut down on cost on an ongoing basis. professional summary skills executive summary financial analyst with extensive experience in all aspects of corporate expenses. exceptional coaching mentoring leading departments and support operating budgets. procedures in the development of financial forecasts guidelines and models of operational cost. core qualifactions financial accounting procedures in corporate finance reporting and presentations cost control procurement and pricing analysis budget development and management sourcing strategies development performance optimization process management effective communication relationship management document reporting advanced with microsoft products for reporting and presenting work history 01/2018 to 04/2018 trip coordinator scheduled aircraft and coordinate flight crew to accomplish charter requests resolve operational failures with customers owners and flight crews interpret both current weather and weather forecasts provided by the faa familiarity with
__label__FINANCE finance assistant professional summary finance assistant professional summary customer service rep/administrative assistant with 6 years of experience in a sensitive corporate environment. outgoing and detail-oriented proficient at building and maintaining personal and professional relationships. associate s degree in english. experience finance assistant 09/2016 to 08/2017 responsible for overseeing and organizing customer files. maintained confidential customer and information. established strong relationships with our accounting sales and managers. packaged customer contracts with all required documents to go out to different lenders for financing. maintained strong relationships with lender representatives. csr 04/2016 to 09/2016 responsible for making sure that the applicant was verified and met all requirements to be approved for the loan all information on applications were correct. made bank deposits daily. maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations. performed store opening duties including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper functioning. accurately logged all daily activity with customers who were due and over due. title clerk 10/2015 to 02/2016 processed car deals verified costs including reconditioning and equipment add-ons. managed all information regarding motor vehicle registration including legal and state-required documents. responsible for preparing all tax title documents and payoff checks for new vehicles and trade-ins. posted vehicle sales
__label__ARTS community outreach specialist professional community outreach specialist professional profile dynamic professional driven to fostering love of learning and ensuring leadership skills within people so they may reach their full potential. qualifications experienced in student databases and microsoft office suite excel in training public speaking and teaching new skills passionate educator with high professionalism and integrity creative problem solver excellent student transcripts graduating with a 3.9 gpa qualified in designing and grading assessments strong management skills of small and large groups as well as relating to diverse populations quick learner with a thirst for knowledge relevant experience assessment and teaching high level teaching skills that raised the percentage of high achieving students to 90 of students testing into the top 10 of their grade level allowing them to enter into honors designed and developed district assessments for spanish department community outreach and public speaking implemented outreach and marketing strategies including presentations which resulted in 80 growth in community partners within higher education leadership development through creating rigorous and relevant interview and internship program raised the level of leadership opportunities for college interns experience 07/2014 to current community outreach specialist liaison for junior board which entails board management by providing direction and leadership to young board
__label__FINANCE head of accounts and head of accounts and finance summary flexible accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. adept at budget forecasting financial reporting and corporate tax planning. highlights financial statement analysis understands foreign tax reporting budget forecasting expertise adobe software proficiency effective time management general ledger accounting flexible team player cash-flow report generation public and private accounting cost accounting general and tax accounting account reconciliations proficient in microsoft office knowledge of sage proficient in sap erp enterprise resource planning software quickbooks accomplishments payroll assistance assisted with payroll preparation and entered data into cumulative payroll document. reporting established client payment plan program to monitor payment compliance and progress reducing uncontrolled payment activity employee management liaised with hr department to establish employee benefits training payroll and termination procedures accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. increased compliance for the cash management department by aiding in internal and external audits. researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed. experience october 2013 to current head of accounts and finance basic function i m
__label__APPAREL specialist for women s specialist for women s children s apparel summary area / merchandising manager with 15 year background in management hiring developing and merchandising. highly detail-oriented and organized. areas of expertise include conflict management employee recruitment staff development training. highlights have great leadership skills. works well with people. team player with excellent leadership skills. fast learner driven. experience specialist for women s children s apparel july 2015 to current provide customer service thru out the store. merchandises and fills in store according to corporates standards thru overnights and early shifts. promotes promotions and makes sure customers are well aware able to generate sales. help manage store with heavy traffic which volumes of over 45 million a year. provide lp awareness with a store carrying popular expensive brand shoes. merchandising executive/ area executive november 2005 to april 2015 opened staffed teams for new stores in new florida market. opened stores from beginning process of nothing being in buildings to setting up entire store in less than two weeks time. interviewed hired trained new employees. resolved customer complaints regarding sales and service in stores. managed staff preparing work schedules and assigning specific duties. trained managers in preparing weekly schedules to cover all aspects of
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT new business development manager new business development manager summary business leader sales manager collaborative management / business strategy / new business development an accomplished leader with a strong background in complex high-volume and revenue business operations. a proven passion for customer service and operational excellence demonstrated by extreme dedication and commitment to job duties and responsibilities. drives positive financial and operational performance through completion utilizing a cross functional team to deliver these objectives to the satisfaction of customers. highlights new customer acquisition trade shows account management special events planning articulate public speaker direct mail campaigns stakeholder relations accomplishments south chamber ambassador of the month cas certification from promotional products industry certified tourism ambassador for oklahoma promoted from account manager to new business development after nine months of employment. experience 02/2014 to current new business development manager sell and market promotional products to current and prospective customers. bring new business accounts to the inside sales team for follow up and to build the foundation of new customer sales. selected accomplishments provide consultation services to customers to help plan their marketing strategy. utilize promotional products printing direct mail and email marketing to achieve a 50 increase in sales from 2014 to 2015. forged long-lasting relationships with
__label__HR hr intern summary an hr intern summary an enthusiastic student highly motivated and committed to developing personally and professionally. have the ability to learn quickly work efficiently and use my educational knowledge effectively in work settings. skilled in research multi-tasking time management and communication. experienced in human resource / organisational management counselling and business development. educational background master of arts organisational psychology 2018 alliant international university united states california school of professional psychology master of science counselling psychology 2015 avinashilingam institute for home science and higher education for women india gpa - 3.63 bachelor of arts mass communication 2013 amrita viswa vidhyapeetham india amrita school of communication gpa - 3.07 experience hr intern jul 2016 to current i get candidates moved through the hiring process making sure that they are properly credentialed and meet all of the s and the clients requirements. basic background checks contact candidate s references collect necessary information license and employment verification -reviewing/uploading credentials pre-screen applicants from job boards indeed zip recruiter make and send badges attend/transfer calls take messages work independently and as part of a team to achieve the s goals. bookstore volunteer feb 2016 to jul 2016 opening the store account and check the closing and opening
__label__ENGINEERING project administrator engineering summary project administrator engineering summary a consistent team leader with great analytic and interpersonal skills highly focused in achieving and maintaining excellent customer relationships to assist you in achieving your organizational goals. i have over 10 years progressive experience in accounting property accounting and project administration and have deliver consistent contributions to increased productivity decreased cost and produced strong revenue gains through teambuilding self-motivation and development. highlights flexible team player analytical reasoning financial statement analysis compliance testing knowledge strength in regulatory reporting budget forecasting expertise account reconciliation expert adobe software proficiency complex problem solving strong organizational skills expert in customer relations general ledger accounting flexible team player advanced computer proficiency pc and mac flexible team player flexible team player flexible team player flexible team player expert in customer relations advanced computer proficiency pc and mac experience project administrator engineering jan 2007 to jan 2009 direct reporting responsibilities to the executive vice president maintained general ledger financial statements and other financial reports analyzed and interpret monthly variances and trends between budgets and actual results in developing projections and forecast prepared monthly billing base on contracts project progress report and work-in-progress report prepared and analyzed quarterly backlog report to forecast revenues and employees
__label__HEALTHCARE director quality improvement network director quality improvement network facilitation professional background highly accomplished registered- nurse with more than 20 years of experience in clinical nursing management statistics quality management and process improvement. years of experience in hospital clinic public health and academic operation with comprehensive understanding of healthcare proven ability to build effective relationships and develop and maintain highly reliable teams skilled coach mentor facilitator and teacher accomplished project manager and curriculum developer detailed and outcome oriented. skill highlights areas of expertise include nursing management process improvement statistics and data analysis operationalizing best practices teaching/ facilitating/ coaching/ mentoring team building marketing and public relations accomplishments california hospital engagement network improvement adviser and data analysis 2014 shining star champion best organ donation liaison gsds/setds 2011 recipient and a member of alpha eta society scholarship recipient of mary greeley scholarship professional experience director quality improvement network facilitation january 2014 to current manage and analyze level data to identify california s existing performance and identify gaps and opportunities for improvement. provide oversight alignment and coordination of data management measurement and reporting fuctions to discover patterns and trends and generate reports for senior leadership and mutliple board of directors regarding performance. act as primary liaison for contract relationships
__label__HR hr benefits/leave coordinator summary hr benefits/leave coordinator summary 13 years of human resources experience and 27 years of administrative experience working in various settings professional detail-oriented excellent time-management skills team player open and honest communicator effective at maintaining confidentiality and multi-tasker. skills proficient in all microsoft applications and hris systems banner peopleadmin personnel management information pmis system and benefits eligibility system bes vrs navigator vnav experience december 2016 to current hr benefits/leave coordinator provide consultation and assistance for all employee benefits. assist retirement/benefits manager in counseling employees on retirements as well as generate retirement calculations. assist retirement/benefits manager with retirement trainings. promote and coordinate all aspects of the highlander wellness watch program. advise faculty/staff regarding leave policies and procedures. interpret and apply policies procedures and guidelines. develop and present leave trainings for employees and supervisors. content editor for the hr newsletter and hr website committee. analyze and reconcile leave discrepancies. process and maintain workers compensation claims short term disability claims and fmla requests. coordinate return to work for employees on short term disability fmla and wc. maintain osha logs and reporting to include osha 301 and osha 300a reports. process employees leave corrections. process leave share requests and coordinate payments with payroll. calculate leave
__label__SALES sales coordinator summary current sales coordinator summary current ms of data analytics graduate student with exposure to data analysis and modeling skills. seeking evolutionary role in analytics that will allow to adapt and change to and problem solving needs. skills excellent quantitative skills advanced ms office suite knowledge strong knowledge of r excel advanced excel modeling excellent research skills business systems analysis knowledge of statistical analysis and superb communication skills algorithm development business domain statistics and interpretation mining predictive analysis and coding visualization and exploration data analyst rstudio tableau data collection machine learning c++ report generation education and training master of science data analytics 2018 university of houston data analytics bba finance 2005 university of houston finance finance experience sales coordinator jul 2016 to may 2017 heavy cold calling to new and existing oil and gas energy and aerospace clientele to increase revenue and market penetration managed a portfolio of 250 accounts that generated 36 of increased proposals in 4 months. conducted business to business telephone sales. researched sales and contact information for prospects and created reports for business development managers inside sales representative aug 2015 to feb 2016 prioritized daily workflows including all inbound calls quotes and sales-related inquiries. wrote sales contracts for
__label__BANKING partner account manager executive partner account manager executive summary over 6 years of customer facing management experience in managing healthcare it and banking industry. managed teams of 15 to 20 members and projects involving cross functional teams to achieve organizational goals. core qualifications ms excel project word powerpoint sap r/3 spss oracle sql toad salesforce crm visio professional experience partner account manager 04/2014 to 08/2014 partner portfolio and revenue management. managed project with regard to the customers product deployment in saas platform. responsible to create partner quotations license renewals and service addendums. resolving in-service request through jira and registering nodes and adding servers on saas plaza platform. monitoring the invoice and billing on product renewals. setting up the product demo environment for the partners and their customers. assisted partners with online training and educate them about the product usage in the cloud platform. client account manager 07/2011 to 12/2013 drive sales through partners and distributors. managed existing partners and generate revenues from them conducting promotional activities and events for partners and distributors and also encourage new channel partners through the events organized to understand the program benefits planning and implementing marketing and partner relations programs to increase partnership growth and retention analyzing and identifying
__label__FINANCE finance operations/ supervisor manager finance operations/ supervisor manager professional summary looking for a position as manager in a that provides an open environment with many opportunities for continuous growth.i am highly motivated achiever who is recognized for combining program excellence integrity and innovation with best practices and disciplined attention to achieving immediate and long-term goals and objectives core qualifications microsoft office 2010 window xp word power point excel access vista people soft ensemble vantive/newt agent works web client totalview/iex internet explorer 1sourcecenter connect icare call support tools. amdocs exony cisco systems 10-key by touch strong leadership skills exceptional at resolving complex problems excellent communication skills both verbal and written good at presentations and conducting trainings for employees energetic creative and great ability to motivate others great interpersonal skills and the ability to resolve customer complaints and internal conflicts time-management and multi-tasking skills experience finance operations/ supervisor manager 09/1999 to 02/2012 customer relations manager 03/2012 to current supervise and manage the daily operations of employees. successfully led key projects which resulted in employee of the month.monitor employee performance to ensure goals and objectives are met and/or exceed and that quality control techniques are utilized by each employee. responsible for customer satisfaction and the implementation performance
__label__TEACHER teacher summary responsible special teacher summary responsible special education teacher with excellent communication skills demonstrated by 10 years of teaching experience. skilled special needs high school teacher with the ability to work with children of various emotional and behavioral challenges. teacher with experience identifying children s individual and collective learning needs. core qualifications excellent classroom management experience working special needs students interactive teaching/learning performance assessments cpr certification differentiated instruction cpr/first-aid certified behavior modification behavioral/cognitive skills development goal setting and implementation achievements parent communication regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas. 30 day reviews annual iep education strategies employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of study skills social skills and test taking skills. lesson planning introduced new learning methods to ensure total comprehension for all students . professional experience teacher 01/2004 to current assists in planning developing and revising curriculum to improve vocational/educational and community awareness skills of children and adolescents with developmental and behavioral disabilities. plan implement and evaluate structured educational programs. completes report cards and 30 day educational reviews for each student. obtain prepare and organize instructional materials. prepare lessons and teach specified content. instruct students individually or in small groups. prepares
__label__AVIATION aviation supply technician summary aviation supply technician summary i am a supply chain and operations manager with invaluable knowledge of managing projects resources and staff in an effective and efficient manner. i am highly focused with a comprehensive understanding of operations management contracting logistics procurement and supply chain. i have a consistent and proven track record of successfully employing the best practices that improve efficiency reduce operating cost while increasing performance within a budget. i am committed to identifying and implementing continuous improvements in operations. i am currently looking for a new challenging position. a position which will make the best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my personal amd professional development. highlights strategic planning global and strategic sourcing negotiations expert procedure development analytical personable team building cost reduction and containment multi-site operations process improvement strategies inventory control initiative and leadership contract management manage service relationships productivity improvement specialist flexible dedicated microsoft office suite expert troubleshooting and problem solving contract review and recommendations client relationships budget development prepare reports charts and brriefings skills full understanding of all applicable policies procedures rules and regulations. strong knowledge of supply chain management fundamentals strong knowledge of interfacing departments processes and priorities uses focused
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary capable senior accountant summary capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. insightful and self-directed with seven years of experience delivering quality. employed critical thinking skills to examine issues and develop best practice solutions. currently working towards becoming a cpa. experience senior accountant september 2014 to current founded in 2010 panda power funds is a private equity firm headquartered in dallas texas which has the ability to develop acquire construct finance and operate large-scale natural gas-fueled power generation facilities. ppf raised a 6 billion fund and operates 6 power plants throughout the united states. prepared financial statements for different projects on monthly quarterly basis prepared journal entries account analyses reconciliations and internal reporting in a four day financial close reconciled sub-ledger to general ledger account balances assisting with budget preparation and preparing the monthly budget/forecast variance analysis to the p l maintained and reconciled fixed assets schedules assisted in writing accounting policies for the key accounting processes assisted in implementing epicor fixed assets module to replace excel depreciation schedules directly responsible for coordinating and managing payroll for over 50 employees on bi-weekly basis including resolving problems and issues with
__label__APPAREL special investigative unit i special investigative unit i summary energetic and enthusiastic insurance professional motivated to succeed in a fast-paced and deadline-driven professional environment. comprehensive knowledge of claims adjustments with special knowledge in identifying elements of fraud. highlights claims file management processes insurance fraud expertise interviewing techniques database management strong interpersonal and communication skills self-directed report writing analytical team player critical thinker accomplishments promoted to claims special investigator within 1 month of initial claims handling. audit scores consistently exceeded expectations and successfully maintained the highest audit scores within the special investigations unit. experience special investigative unit i february 2013 to february 2015 my primary mission has been to detect deter and defeat insurance fraud. worked closely with management in various departments and assist in making coverage decisions with a focus on thoroughness quality cost control and mitigation of future risk. conducted interviews gathered detailed information and completed field investigations. developed connections with local fraud bureaus district attorneys offices and professional associations. worked with house counsel in preparing cases for legal purposes. train claims adjusters in identifying fraud and working closely with them in addressing coverage issues and red flags. example of typical investigations theft fire vandalism personal injury protection first party medical payments third
__label__DESIGNER technical designer career overview technical designer career overview having 8.5 years of it experience as software developer in java/j2ee technologies at present technical designer at tata consultancy services knowledge in working with designing coding and unit testing coding spring 3 jquery bootstrap jpa struts core java jsp ejb xml pl sql sun certified java programmer 1.6 solid experience on agile development thorough understanding of object oriented methodology and design patterns. proficiency in developing web based applications using java/j2ee knowledge in working with webservices. exposure to automation domain on building solution looking ahead for great career in a fair working environment with opportunities to grow. qualifications designing coding and unit testing coding spring 3 jquery bootstrap jpa struts core java jsp ejb xml plsql tools eclipse 4 confluence uml git rally work experience technical designer february 2011 to current software engineer january 2010 to january 2011 fxo fedex office client fedex environment java 6.0 web services hibernate ejb xml. team size 25 tools subversion eclipse database mysql server servers jboss description the fedex office project is a currently built upon the printing and shipping services of the logistics segment. this application mainly focused of the printing the different kind of printing services for the end
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant skills timberline mri accountant skills timberline mri yardi peachtree peoplesoft onesite quickbooks microsoft word and excel experience 07/2014 to current accountant i am an experienced and goal-oriented accountant with a demonstrated track record in preparation and analysis of financial reports to summarize and forecast financial position. independent contributor committed to superior quality teamwork and proficient internal and external customer service. an accountant experienced in driving efficiency productivity and implementation of process improvements to support achievement of overall corporate goals and objectives. core competencies include . accounting management. cash management fdh velocitel provides all the services needed to design build optimize upgrade and maintain broadcast and wireless infrastructure. fdh velocitel develops innovative solutions for evaluating the condition of heavy civil structures such as bridges dams and levees. 04/2010 to 07/2014 accounting manager responsible for financial management functions including preparation and delivery of monthly/quarterly financial statements and variance analysis for several cost centers. responsible for processing of general accounting functions balance sheet account reconciliation time and material and aia billing for government work inventory and job costing. responsible for coordination of annual audit and government auditing. implemented an inventory system. assisted in implementation of percentage of completion reporting for revenue. assisted in accounting system upgrade
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development highlights microsoft word excel power point and access. solid skills on the internet and retrieving information and research. experience director of business development jan 2009 to current establish sales marketing and outreach within the workers compensation law health care and vocational rehabilitation industries. created entire business-to-business sales strategy and marketing function for the business. interact with providers third party administrators insurance companies attorneys and other referral sources. make personal on-site visits and educate and train clients on all services. promote the business throughout the central pennsylvania and philadelphia region. develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective clients. create presentations e-mail and online marketing campaigns web site development and print marketing materials. director jan 1997 to jan 2008 business retention and expansion program directed the business retention and expansion program in this newly created position. visited senior management of 175 businesses each year to market the edc and assess business needs in the local economy and the workforce. visited businesses including health care manufacturing insurance and real estate. provided and presented analysis of key information and resources. key responsibilities included representing the edc in the regional community through education and training sessions marketing the program
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary enthusiastic knowledgeable accountant summary enthusiastic knowledgeable professional with experience and proven success in program and project management online and instructor led design development and facilitation. outstanding problem-solving skills as proven through implementation of accounting software packages significantly improving billing and reporting processes. excellent management skills encouraging career growth of subordinates through additional training and opportunities. keep up-to-date with industry changes through professional affiliation. core qualifications microsoft office suite videoscribe software peoplesoft finance applications professional experience accountant senior manager january 1995 to current project management training facilitation instructional design and development managed the projects to design and develop the 1 day instructor led training operational effectiveness phases i - iv for select service assistant general managers and operations managers managing project milestones and coordinating resources. currently developing phase iv. lead the design and development of the global senior property executive assessment training for executive recruiters. developed the curriculum and training materials for the it organization s professional development initiative. lead the re-design and development of the global interviewer certification program. managed the project to design and develop all training material for the myhr and peoplesoft hrms upgrade. lead the re-design development and program re-launch of the global at the helm front office leadership
__label__APPAREL production control / sr. production control / sr. merchandiser summary seeking fulltime/contract position where i can use my engineering management background operation knowledge merchandising and analytical skills at the most. skills ms excel pivot table hlook up vlookup moderate macros advanced functions. access ms word ms powerpoint ms outlook. sap accomplishments taken training on different type of stitching machines like snls dnls f-o-a w/b attaching machine 5-thread 3-thread bar tack zigzag machine and many more. worked in washing dept. ppc in washing department and also handling production of washing dept. with all type of washes like enzyme wash dv mv. achievements and extra-curricular activities . attended the course on computer aided textile design by canada-india institute industry linkage project at l.d.c.e ahmedabad. participated in laa teqnix 2006 at l.d.c.e. ahmedabad. participated in laa teqnix tex icon-smarter 2005 at l.d.c.e. ahmedabad. experience production control / sr. merchandiser sep 2009 to aug 2011 manufacturer exporter of home textiles managed purchase order pricing and production planning of assigned customers using sap. implement and control production schedule. coordinated with planning team to review and procure materials to achieve manufacturing build requirements for multiple product lines and worked with manufacturing planning and engineering departments to enable purchasing and acquire
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile visionary consultant executive profile visionary and genetically upbeat executive with experience managing multiple projects all levels including budgeting and administration. focused on employee participation and the well being of each stakeholder. skill highlights process improvements financial analysis human resources public relations compliance / accountability writing manuals core accomplishments managing businesses two restaurants with 50 employees 5 managers and 1.8m in sales. managing in transition dry stack marina operations during a 20m renovation managing a crisis death on business premise and ensuing osha investigation that resulted in no liability attributed to the owner because of processes and documentation of workers on premise that i initiated managing marketing campaigns conceived multiple pr campaigns that resulted in local and national media coverage professional experience consultant january 2005 to current helping business owners and managers improve profits and the employee experience using lean principals and disc personality assessment. built business on referrals from existing clients primarily business owners in their first ownership venture. helped clients manage time money and relationships to improve profits and their shareholder s experiences. helped transform people s working lives. skills used diplomacy consensus building research patience humility sales morale building and public relations. achievements improved foot traffic by 59 reduced
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development summary self-starting business development expert with 20+ years as a top sales performer in various markets. highly motivated and comfortable with new ideas innovative products corporate sales and start-up environments. highlights established track record of exceptional sales results excellent communication skills compelling leadership skills results-oriented self-starter exceptional multi-tasker in depth knowledge of sales process process-driven experience director of business development 06/2014 to current - increased sales revenue for software products in the blood banking industry. managed budget forecasting goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.delivered performance updates quarterly business reviews and planning meetings.negotiated rates to cut costs and benefit corporate partnerships.identified coordinated and participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings.developed growth plans by identifying key clients key targets and priority service lines. director of business development 06/2014 to current - achieved 125 of quota within the first year for sales of custom software development services.cold and warm called 30 new and existing accounts per day. generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies. managed budget forecasting goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information
__label__HEALTHCARE customer service representative summary customer service representative summary my favorite part of working is being able to interact with people. i love to provide customer service and provide the best experience with the company. my personal experiences have made me realize i like to make a call or a store visit more worthwhile for the customer. my purpose is make what can be a boring or tedious task to be a better experience and make a happy and loyal customer. i mainly have worked in call centers and a little experience in sales and store customer service. highlights high customer service standards computer skills in power point word autocadd chief architect word spreadsheet some excel internet and intranet. dedicated to process improvement conflict resolution proficiency devoted to data integrity troubleshooting skills proficient with microsoft office suite bilingual in spanish proficient in reading and writing in spanish strong writing skills and comprehension in both english and spanish accomplishments managed call flow with up to 200+ calls in queue per minute. exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for 2-3 months in a row several times. earned cash bonuses for customer satisfaction several times experience customer service representative sep 2014 to mar 2015 tmg is a call
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern summary automotive engineering intern summary automotive engineer seeking systems engineer position at your esteemed organization with scope for career advancement and professional development. skills autocad ansys cero catia hypermesh dfmea ms office suite fortran c matlab/simulink cnc programming experience dec 2016 identified technological changes key issues trends design and refined the vehicle definition. illustrated vehicle design and highlighted major interior and exterior dimensions of the vehicle concept. presented a technology plan on the above parameters. simulation and analysis of 1-2 shift processes of a 6-speed fwd at university of michigan-dearborn march 2017. established a mathematic model for the transmission-vehicle system consisting of general variable equation specific variable equation for the 1st gear 1-2 shift process and 2nd gear operation. simulated the launch of the vehicle from rest in 1st gear initiated 1-2 shift at a speed of 15 mph and 2nd gear operation for 2 seconds with an open torque converter and a fixed throttle position using matlab/simulink. reduced torque overshoot by spark retarding and careful calibration of the oncoming clutch. further torque hole was reduced to maximum extent with help of spark retard. modelling of vehicle cooling system university of michigan-dearborn november 2016. built a simulink model of vehicle cooling system
__label__ARTS sous chef/line cook summary sous chef/line cook summary quality-focused and efficient cook adept at preparing and plating food in high energy fast-paced kitchens. i am seeking to use my culinary skills to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. highlights focused and disciplined. works well under pressure. high volume production capability. ability to handle/resolve problems reliable punctual and committed to customer service i have basic knife skills. knowledge of preparation of various food items. plate presentation skills. sandwich preparation experience. well-tuned palette accomplishments i played a key role in the successful physical inventory of 10 million dollars worth of product with an accuracy difference of .001 . experience december 2015 to august 2016 sous chef/line cook persistently strive for continual improvement and work cooperatively as a team member. set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups sauces and salads. set up and performed initial prep work for catered food items such as hors d oeuvre s. salads and entree s. have worked numerous positions on the line including such stations as saute fryer salad and flattop. correctly and safely operate all kitchen equipment in accordance with set guidelines. successfully execute menu with highest quality and
__label__BANKING customer service representative professional customer service representative professional summary office professional with an extensive background of more than twelve years of customer service account manager and office administrative support. exude strong and excellent communications skills and creative support with team-building and the ability work independently. i adapt to change quickly and motivate staff to ensure a smooth workflow and increased productivity. skills typing 55 wpm/ten-key 10500 kspm microsoft office word excel outlook data entry/customer liaison/support agency management system ams 360 sagitata the agency manager tam applied system crm software systems quick learner work history customer service representative 09/2017 to current provide customer support to accounts track orders provided price quotes order changes and/or cancellations. identify customers needs research issue and complaints with problem solving for resolution. assist to ensure professional and exceptional customer service with products inquiry and online services. document account and conversation during inbound and outbound calls in call center environment. owner 01/2015 to 09/2017 responsible for day-to-day operations of online retail store including sales stock and resource management. develop social media strategy and set goals to increase brand awareness and engagement. maintained online storefront and social media platforms with new products and marketing sales promotions. commercial/personal lines account manager 03/2014 to
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary seasoned senior accountant summary seasoned professional with a proven ability to perform critical accounting functions to meet business needs and ensure regulatory compliance for corporations in energy industry power gas crude/fuel oil and others . in-depth knowledge of accounting principles and practices including commodity and cash settlements tax/financial planning fiscal analysis account reconciliation month/year-end closing compliance management. fast learner with exceptional communication and interpersonal skills able to build relationships with individuals at all levels-from front-line staff to the ceo. tech-savvy people-oriented leader with 15+ years in accounting and prior experience as part of a landmark food service family business in houston. areas of emphasis accounting management ap ar gl budget performance variance analysis commodity settlements internal external audits sox compliance system implementation optimization p l analysis reporting gathering processing analyzing data internal fiscal controls financial statement preparation cash management account reconciliation tax planning management aspire accountability safety passion integrity respect esprit de corp highlights ms office oracle hyperion hyperion retrieve sap merrillreports dst bloomberg peoplesoft idc seagate crystal reports fundstation nucleus allegro citrix a/p and a/r edms experience march 2006 to june 2014 senior accountant managed accounting functions for power and gas with a fleet of highly efficient power plants 93
__label__HR hr coordinator summary certified hr coordinator summary certified human resources professional with extensive employee relations experience in a full range of functions as well as success in simultaneously managing multiple projects. highlights employee relations compensation administration personnel records maintenance new hire orientation hiring and retention training and development compensation/payroll staffing and recruiting professional off-boarding interviewing expertise performance management strategies benefits administrator employment law knowledge hris applications proficient employee handbook development new employee orientations human resources audits maintains confidentiality hr policies and procedures expertise human resources management excellent interpersonal and coaching skills certified professional human resource management accomplishments revamped the orientation process for all new hires which was implemented company-wide. led the staffing planning committee for number years. introduced the first passive open enrollment process. experience 03/2013 - current - hr coordinator manage the recruitment selection and staffing process for full time employees. manage the employee orientation and onboarding process for full time employees. maintain job classification system including job descriptions defining objectives responsibilities salary information and benchmarking. develop administer and manage personnel policies procedures and programs for the city. advise managers supervisors and employees on labor contract employment law and policies and procedure matters. respond to inquiries from managers supervisors and employees investigate complaints
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology intern professional information technology intern professional profile to obtain a full time in the entry level information technology management field where i can utilize my education to contribute to s operations and learning opportunities where i can maximize my skills and advanced training development. qualifications microsoft word power point and excel experience 10/2014 to 05/2015 provided assistance to students with weak study areas. analyzed students in acquiring better understanding of specific weak areas within american sign language asl courses. contributed students to improve their asl receptive and expressive skills. 06/2012 to 08/2012 information technology intern participated in human and technology interaction management with supervisor. developed an interface between website and databases via excel that allowed house of representatives and senators more effective and easier access to information. completed several workshops and lectures about the history of the library of congress. 02/2012 to 08/2012 media student assistant set up and maintained the computer aided real-time translation cart system in classrooms and various locations around campus when needed. assisted staff faculty and students on a daily basis with equipment repairs customer service and technology problems. verified that each classroom had the appropriate equipment and technology needed for success daily. education december 2016 information and
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary if you accountant summary if you need someone who delivers sharp results i can help. well qualified and results oriented accounting professional with over fourteen years of successful experience in positions of increasing responsibility in dynamic entertainment companies. skilled at training staff in accounts payable and receivable and payroll functions and creating effective teams. highlights windows xp microsoft office outlook excel word quickbooks enterprise 17.0 timberline file maker pos. accomplishments general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. experience 01/2009 to current accountant responsible for all aspects of accounts payable receivable and payroll. banking liaison reconciled statements credit card and additional reconciliations. month end analysis closing and production of month and year end financial reporting. preparation of monthly commission reports. control and monitoring of complex high volume production petty cash and daily cash report. preparation of 1099-s. 01/2006 to 01/2009 accountant supervised trained and managed a staff of four permanent employees plus interns. oversaw the general accounting department areas accounts payable receivable and payroll. banking liaison reconciled statements credit card lockbox and additional reconciliations. month end analysis closing and production of month and year end financial reporting. preparation of
__label__SALES sales executive summary sales sales executive summary sales executive results driven customer centered sales executive with 24 plus years of experience in different industries. proven ability to meet sales quotas and deadlines successfully capitalizing on growth of customer base while maintaining sales integrity and positive morale. articulate communicator and trusted associate with the ability to connect to a wide variety of customers and prospects. highlights leadership organization planning sales presenting customer experience customer retention marketing strategy discovering customer needs coaching mentoring revenue generation knowledge of market employee relations forecasting relationship building performance management customer prospecting excellent communicator sales reporting networking rapport building experience sales executive 12/2013 to current as the main sales person for the was in charge of achieved 7 revenue growth over prior year generating an 11 increase in profits analyze current market and consumer trends thru sales data interpreting the data to vendors and management in an effort to capitalize on the sales and profit opportunities full responsibility and management of cost controls inventory control budgeting scheduling and p l accountability responsible for recruitment retention training and other hr functions for over 40 employees to ensure quality and standards are executed in conjunction with corporate expectations daily involvement with inventory accountability
__label__SALES sales associte professional summary sales associte professional summary dedicated to motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. skilled and committed to addressing customer concerns with speed accuracy and professionalism. customer service representative who maintains a high level of professionalism patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty. core qualifications sap active listening skills certified forklift operator quick learner strategic thinker experience 10/2016 to current sales associte received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. placed special merchandise orders for customers. shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. helped customers apply for the store credit card met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance. completed purchases with cash credit and debit payment methods. answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses. 03/2015 to 10/2016 warehouse ambassador- help train new hires on how to stow items by amazon standards stower - put items on the shelves that need to be put up to be sold to customers or sent to other fulfillment center. picker - pick items from the shelves to be shipped to customers. receive- take
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS web development coordinator highlights web development coordinator highlights adobe photoshop acrobat dreamweaver content management systems cms ms office word excel powerpoint outlook quark xpress interactive designer accomplishments national conference presenter health care internet conference leading the digital transformation nov. 2014 national conference presenter health care marketing and physician strategies summit may 2014 interactive media awards ima best in class award for centracare web site 2013 graduate st. cloud area chamber of commerce leadership development program 2007 producer credit for 1999 telly award-winning and aegis award-winning video project renae s story writer/creative director/producer credits for four healthcare marketing report advertising awards national competition 1999-2000 writer/producer credits for six lake superior ad club american advertising federation citations of excellence 1995-97. experience 01/2012 to current web development coordinator direct the strategic development of centracare health web properties consistently deliver a rewarding user experience ux with web-based content services and features develop social media strategies and manage content assets on social platforms actively monitor evaluate and report on web analytics assess successful measures and implement changes collaborate with executives leadership and staff to achieve best in class digital content and services spearhead efforts to launch a consumer-focused health and wellness blog implement new online features to promote physicians
__label__CONSTRUCTION customer service representative present customer service representative present accomplishments adot highway plans reading adot pen computer system training atti field asphalt soil/agg. 14135f act building performance institute build nc analyst professional troxler nuclear gauge safety training class #0110486 8 hour refresher osha hazmat training cert. 40 hour osha training cert. life and health insurance doi#642125. experience customer service representative present extensive experience assisting customers with purchases and returns constructing displays training new employees policy and procedures awarded customer satisfaction card alternate customer service supervisor. construction materials technician highway construction plans construction inspection procedures and specifications materials testing procedures personal computers and the use of applicable software. communicated and coodinated construction schedules with the necessary paties and ensured that work complied with project approved plans standards and specifications. work out of town was common. construction quality assurance inspector served as a special ministry counselor to individual s and families to provide free basic relocation assistance. identify the clients problem s present solutions and work in a team setting. informing clients of prerequisite for assistants assessed information and collaborated with team on the recommended decision. collaborated with private contractors the public management to ensure that work complied with approved plans standards and specifications. prepared and submitted
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist information information technology specialist information security officer profile blah blah core qualifications oracle certified professional ocp versions 8.0 8i 9i 10g 11g certified information systems security professional cissp isc 2 certified information security manager cism isaca unix/linux strong collaborative skills patch management database servers professional experience information technology specialist information security officer october 2010 to july 2015 installing and configuring oracle software versions 10g-12c. scripting maintenance and monitoring tools. creating risk assessment template based on nist 800-30r1 to facilitate and evaluate secure software development practice. building automated database risk/security models for quantifying degrees of database risk and enabling the standardization and prioritization of remediation efforts. managing/mentoring support staff and participating in 24x7 production support and security monitoring rotation for large scale mission critical applications. developing implementing and supporting enterprise backup and recovery change control security and audit procedures. performing database server and application performance and security monitoring and tuning. implementing vendor and customized database auditing and analysis packages. develop pattern recognition triggers for anti-money laundering systems. working closely with corporate security to ensure that application and database server procedures and controls support all government regulations and corporate policies. designing and implementing least-privilege database administration model and application development templates. providing support
__label__TEACHER inclusion teacher professional summary inclusion teacher professional summary highly motivated and student-focused educator with a key focus on the individual needs of students. offers a comprehensive knowledge of special education requirements and behavioral modification practices. empathetic professional who is accommodating to the development of lesson plans. stimulates interests in learning. employs differentiated learning methods. proven track record of success in increasing students knowledge with a desire to maintain excellence in education. offers key success in providing instructions and consulting expertise. interventions behavioral control technology integration analysis educational principles formulas develops and implements lesson plans communications interpersonal skills classroom management assessment special education/teacher for the visually impaired elementary secondary school transition and social assistance core qualifications proficienct experience inclusion teacher 01/2010 to 01/2011 provided instruction to students within the special education classrooms designed curriculum to support the intellectual physical social and emotional needs of students. created assignments and examinations for all students and implemented individualized education plans administered tests and scored homework. worked closely with teachers administrators and social workers updated and maintained confidential student files and communicated progress and requirements. produced progress or status reports for parents or guardians. authored the annual individualized education program and re-evaluation criteria for students within the special education
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary flexible staff accountant summary flexible accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. committed to keeping accurate accounting records. possesses a natural knack for numerical accuracy and calculating balances. highlights account reconciliations cash-flow report generation accpac accounting skills accounts receivable professional accounting operations professional knowledge of sage general ledger accounting aptitude complex problem solving great plains knowledge effective time management proficient in sap microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management professional and mature resourceful strong interpersonal skills strong communication skills expert in customer relations accomplishments general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. professional experience december 2009 to current staff accountant prepares general ledger entries by maintaining coding and processing records and files reconciling accounts. responsible for recording journal entries compiles identifies and analyzes changes in account reconciliations researching and resolving variances. prepares consolidated internal and external financial statements by gathering and analyzing information from the general
__label__ARTS lead administrator career overview lead administrator career overview personable detail-oriented proactive team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills and dedicated work ethic to a growing in need of top-level support. skill highlights macintosh and pc microsoft word microsoft power point microsoft excel google drive word press godaddy website builder data entry multi-tasking calm conflict resolution working under pressure clear written and spoken communication research networking promoting professional experience november 2015 to current lead administrator compose distribute and file contracts design and create operations manuals to guide participants through app use and follow up with contributing artists or curators through email to ensure that information is clearly understood build contact profiles and update contact list information in salesforce to support organization email lists reconfigured/restructured/redesigned the filing system for streamlined use making projects easier to both archive and find anticipate and resolve questions through regular and clear communication with artists and curators about their projects researching solutions for answers that are otherwise not readily available initiate and facilitate the timely payment of artists verify with executive director that they receive their payment and update relevant financial records. march 2015 to june 2015 chaplain intern assessed spiritual emotional physical needs of people going through crisis within a
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS director of marketing executive director of marketing executive profile catalyst for transforming an organization s vision into reality. creative high energy professional with more than 15 years diverse industry experience that spans the realm of marketing sales and communications for both internal and external use driving bottom line sales. known for increasing sales building strategic relationships exceptional communication both verbally and written account planning and management flawless event and tradeshow execution collaboration and negotiation skills supported by equally strong ability as a team player to win trust and confidence from both internal and external customers. public relations brand building product management event coordination/management/promotion strategic planning/forecasting/budgeting social media strategy and implementation roi/market effectiveness analysis materials generation internal and external use account management and growth advertising/creative generation web 2.0/interactive media website content creation/nav./mgmt. distributor relationship building share of voice strengthening crisis management channel management sales generation skill highlights additional qualifications and expertise co-editor of diesel army magazine published author and photographer in over 100 magazines and online publications on a variety of topics chosen for the who s who of outstanding professionals 2004 2005 2006. 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 chosen as one of the top 35 under 35 by sema magazine speaker/lecturer exhibitor
__label__AVIATION geek squad agent professional geek squad agent professional profile it support specialist with experience across multiple disciplines including technical support customer service computer repair and military service. i am hard working willing to learn team oriented and comfortable working independently as well. qualifications windows / mac / ios / android technical support hardware software maintenance user training malware detection removal customer service entry level active directory ticketing problem solving research experience august 2014 to october 2016 geek squad agent provided technical support in person and over the phone. performed hardware and software installation and repair. refurbished and setup pcs and peripheral devices. january 2013 to january 2014 shipping receiving associate performed shipping and receiving of product. assisted with inventory management. general logistics and warehouse duties. january 2009 to january 2012 assembler/shipping receiving associate assembled and tested tanks according to specifications. maintained inventory of tools and supplies. performed shipping and receiving duties. january 2005 to january 2009 aviation electrician performed troubleshooting and maintenance of aircraft. performed ground handling and marshalling of aircraft. performed daily safe for flight inspections. education purdue university 2014 b.s computer information technology computer information technology skills active directory hardware customer service inventory management inventory logistics mac windows problem solving receiving research
__label__HR hr specialist highlights staffing hr specialist highlights staffing and recruiting professional interviewing expertise recruiting personnel records maintenance affirmative action compliance fluent in language detail-oriented microsoft office suite expert people-oriented experience 07/2015 to current hr specialist assisted with the establishment of the hiring process that is currently in use at the george s employment and training center. assisted in the creation and implementation the first electronic hiring process within george s that pre-printed a new hire s ssn address the date and which decreased the time to hire someone from 1 hour to 30 minutes on average. assisted with the development of the first electronic application for production hiring. explain terms of position with new hires such as salary hours dress code job description etc. responsible for onboarding new employees which includes administering new hire paperwork e-verify and i-9 verification. establish and maintain relationships with hr managers to stay abreast of current and future hiring. coordinated driver-recruiting process. 10/2010 to 07/2015 hr specialist assisted the managers in the staffing and compliance for 16 area locations. staff insure compliance training is completed track their assignments evaluations system access and terminations in the tyson clerical and industrial temp pool which is over 100 people as direct reports.
__label__ADVOCATE transitional housing advocate summary transitional housing advocate summary diversified background in providing services to culturally sensitive issues that involve clients. proven record of absorbing new concepts easily and adapting to highly demanding situations. exceptionally strong interpersonal and teamwork skills. exhibits dependability in performing work and willingness to accept responsibilities. strong skills in appropriate levels of written and verbal communication necessary in the job description. combined with abilities to maintain effective and productive working relationships with fellow employees supervisors and the public. accomplishments facilitated empowerment through art classes for survivors facilitated healthy relationship classes/parenting classes increased office organization by developing more efficient data base rpms coordinated office assistant functions for team of 3 employees education associate of science truckee community college - psychology 1995 associate of arts southwester polytechnic institute - general studies interests currently serve as a volunteer for the sexual assault response team sart provide support to victims in crisis document vital information related to assault and make appropriate referrals available victims. additional information currently serve as a volunteer for the sexual assault response team sart provide support to victims in crisis document vital information related to assault and make appropriate referrals available victims. skills peer counseling customer service database documentation internet applications
__label__CONSULTANT consultant account summary this consultant account summary this letter is to express my interest in your . i believe that my skills and qualifications make me a viable candidate for this opportunity. below is a brief summary of my skill set for your consideration. i am confident that my experience and professional dedication will enable me to provide your organization with the skills you expect from your staff. i look forward to meeting you. i can be contacted at 404 skills professional summary experienced results oriented customer service supervisor with a proven record of achieving business goals and objectives. adept at communicating with all levels of management sales and internal departments to coordinate overall customer experience efforts. demonstrate success implementing and executing key projects. leadership 14 years process improvement proven project management skills 1 year strategic account planning manage cross functional teams strong analytical skills customer experience/retention excellent negotiation skills experience consultant account 12/2014 to current responsible for strategic and tactical execution of project management initiatives that support the account management workgroup. define project scope goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with leadership and key stakeholders. drive online portal utilization strategies and approaches to increase business automation. launched a core team
__label__ENGINEERING engineering systems installer summary engineering systems installer summary seasoned information technology professional with over 7 plus years of experience working in various industries. excellent knowledge on computer hardware software peripherals central processing units network administration servers network routers microsoft applications technology support specialist windows os windows server mac os managing qa testing client support and help desk. also highly experienced in procedures for installing configuring upgrading troubleshooting and repairing applicable software hardware and peripherals. excellent communication and interpersonal skills. professional work ethic strong attention to detail and an ability to produce top quality results in deadline driven environments. objectives to secure an it specialist desktop support network administration database administrator technical support specialist or related position with a growing organization where my microsoft certification technical aptitude networking windows and mac os apple and android ios web development application development linux microsoft applications managing testing client support help desk technical support troubleshooting and leadership skills . to benefit those who i work for as well as myself. by combining these synergies i believe i can be of great value to this company. highlights microsoft applications word excel powerpoint access exchange infopath lync onenote outlook project publisher sharepoint s visual studios etc expert network security not
__label__ARTS tutoring consultant executive profile tutoring consultant executive profile motivated enthusiastic educational leader with 15+ years experience fostering a cohesive student learning atmosphere conducive to learning. my core qualifications include being a licensed reading specialist in multiple states strong classroom management public speaking skills cpr certified and f.e.m.a. certified for emergency management situations. skill highlights leadership/communication skills self-motivated cpr certified classroom management crisis management patient core accomplishments helped my low functioning readers move from pre-k level reading to 5th and 6th grade reading levels. facilitated small reading and writing groups and phonics groups for grades 6 through 12 . managed classes of up to 45. chaperoned multiple field trips and after-school activities. designed weekly lesson plans focused on age and level-appropriate material. designed curriculum based upon student needs. helped my students reach their iep goals. professional experience tutoring consultant august 2014 to current experience working special needs students. promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling. applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors. encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others. observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support. english/social studies september 2013 to current developed and implemented daily and unit lesson plans for
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician summary an engineering technician summary an experienced cad and gis technician able to produce detailed drawings and maps which are clear and accurate. i am able to analyze databases and generate custom maps and reports with different tools of the trade. i am always curious to learn new skills and technologies that enhance my productivity in a complex organization. adaptable to work for long periods and under the most stressed situations without losing focus and patience. highlights operating systems windows xp/ vista/7 arcgis 9.3.1 10.0 c# basic telvent arcfm 9.3.1/10.0.3 java basic arcgis extensions autocad 2008 - 2013 arc toolbox autocad map 3d 2008 enghouse networks 4.7.1 3d studio max 2009 erdas imagine 9.3 revit 2009 microsoft office up to 2010 geoexplorer 6000 series geoxh gps pathfinder office software magellan mobile mapper 6 basic surveying principles ms project remote sensing garmin oregon 550 adobe cs4 photoshop indesign illustrator google earth google sketchup up to ver. 7 clinometer microstation basic able to lift push pull and carry 40 pounds or more languages armenian experience engineering technician 07/2014 to current updating the map book settings to publish water tiles of atlas map generating system valve and hydrant data per tile using crystal reports creating
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare consultant summary certified healthcare consultant summary certified spinning instructor and personal trainer with the energy skills and training necessary to keep clients motivated and moving toward their fitness goals. highlights certified spinning instructor ace certified personal trainer cpr and first aid certified energy motivation and drive to push and motivate participants. microsoft office team building personable and friendly dedicated responsible accomplishments success at building participants from struggling low participant classes. most recently built a class that averages 30 participants from a class that started out with around 6 within six months. experience healthcare consultant october 2014 to current network development for a new medicare advantage i-snp in the northeast. identify and contract with providers to establish a network that meets cms time/distance standards. subject matter expert for a study on medicare advantage best practices for provider engagement. cycle instructor september 2012 provide a high-energy safe indoor cycle experience for participants. lead motivate and push participants. prepare new routines and new music weekly to ensure participants don t get bored or uninspired. incorporate various types of formats into my classes tabata - hiit interval and resistance training speed work . provider group engagement manager september 2012 to october 2014 responsible for establishing maintaining and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology auditor skills information technology auditor skills peoplesoft hcm 8.8/9.x peoplesoft financials 8.8/9.x peopletools 8.51/ 8.54 sql developer ms office visio ms project dell stat 5.6/5.7 sql developer application designer putty sharepoint hp application lifecycle management oracle enterprise manager stat admin toad service now remedy heat oracle e-business asset suite 8. experience 10/2016 to current information technology auditor participate in the annual risk assessment and audit planning process covering it financial operational and contract areas. assist with it audits and reviews including user access database and service configurations security and policy and procedural compliance. perform it project pre and post audit assessments. participate in external cyber related audits and assessments. assist with it portion of annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting sarbanes oxley - sox . includes risk assessment control walkthroughs control testing remediation assistance report of results to it management and other management and collaboration with our external financial it auditors. consult on it matters within non-it focused audits and reviews performed internal audit. assist and consult with it management on upgrades implementations and action plans resulting from various audits and assessments. assists and provides support to others auditing the association as needed. train and educate members of the internal
__label__HEALTHCARE project manager professional summary project manager professional summary accomplished information technology professional with 20 years of experience in the software development life cycle sdlc with focus on application analysis and design application development systems testing and systems integration. certified as a project management professional pmp . accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments. accomplished it professional with 20 years of experience in the software development life cycle sdlc with focus on application analysis and design application development systems testing and systems integration. certified as a project management professional pmp . accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments. professional detail-oriented project manager motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team. skills issue resolution budgeting team oversight business artifacts documentation project finance multi-tasking organized project planning microsoft office suite sql and databases data mapping test case scenarios quality assurance testing plans bug tracking report delivery work history project manager 07/2013 to current leads and supports complex projects or programs including the planning management and implementation of assigned projects and/or programs within the consumer private wealth management portfolio of the enterprise execution services organization. creates and is responsible for critical project management deliverables such as
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary talented executive chef with twenty five years experience developing menus and working as head chef/owner of mobile catering business fast food cajun and classical seafood/cajun/creole family restaurant.twenty five years professional experience as a dynamic resourceful and skilled executive head chef with a proved success record in both fine dining and catering.highly skilled chef with proved ability to produce quality menu items under tight deadlines. core qualifications food and beverage handling expert italian cuisine expertise skillful kitchen staff trainer ethnic foods preparation capable concession stands manager food cost control specialist french cuisine talent food cost analysis expert american cuisine expert international culinary skills ability to handle fast-paced back of house operations environment as well as front of house understanding ability to handle/resolve problems kitchen productivity successful kitchen staff supervisor strong customer relationship builder cash handling plate presentation skills special dietary needs expert proficiency in inventory and ordering food handling knowledge proved leadership skills food production quality knowledge reliable punctual and committed to high level of cleanly kitchen customer service maintenance staff scheduling knowledge interviewing and training ability sensitive to cultural diversity knowledge of basic food preparation strong restaurant serving experience knowledge of products and team-oriented selections willing
__label__HEALTHCARE chief executive officer summary chief executive officer summary award-winning executive and marketing professional experienced in high-volume multi-unit retail and business operations in the pharmaceutical financial services and food and beverage industries. demonstrated expertise in brand development territory management sales operations product launches recruiting and business development. skilled in utilizing technology as a tool to improve organizational efficiency. desires a high-level marketing position in a professional corporate environment. highlights brand development project management relationship management training development sales operations merchandising accomplishments increased annual sales to nearly 5.7 million through strategic marketing sales campaigns. launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base from 0 to 15 000 customers. created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in a 200 sales growth in less than 12 months. grew a targeted newsletter subscriber list from 0 to 6 000 members in just 12 months. earned the winner s circle award in 2008. experience 10/2008 to current chief executive officer developed and launched greenie tots a full-line of children s entrees currently sold in mass retail including whole foods giant eagle safeway and independent grocery stores across the united states. headed online/retail marketing campaigns to drive traffic and business to our online website and into
__label__SALES sales rep summary sales sales rep summary sales executive offering outstanding sales presentation communication closing skills and team management skills. high-energy results-oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. desires a high-level position in a professional service oriented environment. core accomplishments founded the success group and grew personal sales to 200 000.00 the first year with a steady growth for the next 5 years. initiated program sales for area auto dealerships in atlanta to purchase imprinted promotional items in mass with each dealership s with the brand s logo saving each dealership by quantity purchasing and increasing our bottom line significantly. negotiated campaigns in conjunction with radio and print advertising to increase service dept.sales ex free teddy bears given for valentines day to the ladies who came in for an oil change. partnered with a non-profit organization increasing our sales to them to over 150 000.00 yearly helping increase awareness and donations with their donors. networked within this organization to gain business with other departments. experience sales rep 05/2017 to 04/1993 telemarketed to presidents and ceo s of successful area companies to use our services averaging 100 calls a week 13 appointments per wk resulting in 1 sale per wk. managed a tickler file to boost
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist summary information technology specialist summary recent graduate seeking opportunity in hardware and software support. highly poised and dedicated with strong education and training in supporting computer issues. systematic it professional proficient in network project and emergency management. able to install hardware patch software and configure internal systems. complex problem-solver with top-notch planning and communication strengths. resourceful team player and fast learner seeking to leverage background into a database administrator role with a progressive organization. skills hardware updates process improvement implementation permissions management software licenses and patches excellent problem solving skills operating systems task estimation gui and tools knowledge of streaming video platforms timeline management operational support windows operating systems experience information technology specialist 02/2019 to current coordinated installation of microsoft software systems and collaborated with user experience team on design and implementation of new features kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses provided on-site technical support after project implementation and recommended product changes and upgrades to product managers trained new employees on support processes procedures and knowledge base mentored other technical engineers and support professionals to provide professional development and skill enhancement researched documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY senior vice president of senior vice president of global information technology executive profile high-energy results oriented chief information officer offering global professional experience in managing complex information technology environments and cross-cultural teams while effectively aligning and supporting key initiatives. skill highlights strategic planning results-oriented self-motivated customer-oriented project and program management change implementation team leadership time and resources optimization core accomplishments project management managed cross-functional teams on large implementations and development projects through out full cycles of system development and implementation methodologies. project planning developed successful implementation and migration project plans providing and controlling detailed work-plans data conversion and integration strategies and production cutover contingency plans. solutions modeling performed business requirements gathering gap/fit analysis solution designs development and deployment of application solutions. technology architecture designed and implemented cutting-edge 24/7 technology infrastructure solutions providing fail-over architecture and disaster recovery plans. delivery efficiency delivered all assigned projects on time and within budget realizing significant improvement of processing efficiency through in-depth performance analysis and process change. risk mitigation conducted periodic risk assessments and mitigated risk by preparing and executing comprehensive testing strategies which included complex business scenarios and systematic stressed testing. customer relations develop and maintain all accounts referenceable providing mutually beneficial partnerships between employers and customers. professional
__label__HR hr generalist summary human hr generalist summary human resource manager adding value by contributing to growth and profitability. trusted adviser and strategic business partner. efficient in developing and implementing hr plans and procedures. promotes team-oriented open-door environments conducive to successful workforce. highly motivated to achieve goals. highlights coaching and training employment law knowledge employee relations event management hris proficient performance management records maintenance staffing and recruiting succession planning training and development accomplishments submitted over 25 eeoc responses developed training guides for new hire orientation time management system applicant tracking system and positive associate relations. introduced the first on-line applicant tracking system. implemented positive associate relations training for salary management. experience hr generalist may 2015 to current - address inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues. advise top management on appropriate employee corrective actions. facilitate regular meetings to develop strategies that positively influence workplace relationships. recruit and interview applicants daily. implemented an employee recognition and incentive program generate employee tracking reports each week. work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent hr policies and procedures. human resource manager june 2004 to may 2015 - multi-unit hr business partner upholding mission vision and values system. support 12 units with
__label__CHEF operational chef professional summary operational chef professional summary job title with more than number years of experience planning developing and implementing program or process . experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences. talented job title with a strong background in area . portfolio available at url . job title with background as job title 1 and job title 2 looking to join a growing entrepreneurial organization as part of the executive team. core qualifications results-oriented operations management client-focused excel in areas of expertise financial records and processing contract negotiation/review/drafting proficiency in area quick learner computer proficient reports generation and analysis contract auditing training and development change management change management personal information place of birth sheffield uk date of birth 3rd of september 1970 present resident in berlin germany sex female status married with 1 child age 4 hobbies international travel hiking tennis experience operational chef january 1999 to january 2015 managed receipt inventory and storage of 121.8m in unit serialized equipment assets to include principal items from intermediate supply sources using oracle data base systems. supervised the accountability of all weapons and weapon systems in support of exercises and
__label__SALES sales associate/golf sales associate sales associate/golf sales associate executive summary high-energy and focused manager with 26 years of honorable military service. posses a wealth of experience which was developed by taking on greater postilions of responsibility and restructuring policies and improving upon the organizational goals. mentoring junior leaders and providing direction for all personnel under my charge. in addition to taking-on and managing new projects with increased demand and responsibility. core qualifications 15 years experience in the field of operations management in the u.s. army under various circumstances while deployed to iraq and afghanistan and at various state-side duty stations. mentored and developed leadership skills of iraqi and afghan medical officers in order to help them become more self-sufficient in their daily missions. developed the staff of various medical clinics in order to elevate the staff performance developed and put into effect policies that contributed in obtaining low numbers of complaints by staff and customers alike developed budgetary policies in order to reduce daily operating costs and analyzed contracts for approval recommendation. possess12 years of experience in microsoft office for windows and mac including preparing and managing spreadsheets presentations and various types of documents. possess 12 years of experience in adobe acrobat/reader and preparing
__label__ARTS account service representative ii/tech account service representative ii/tech summary professional account manager trained in building strategic network ties and increasing salesrevenues. cultivates and maintains strong customer relationships. accomplishments prospecting and cold callingexcellent communicatorstrong interpersonal skillscustomer service-focusedteam building expertisetech-savvyskilled in ms officeproject managementproven sales track recordpromotional campaignspowerpoint expertleadership/communication skillsskilled multi-taskerstrong organizational skillsstrong communicatoractive listening skillsexceptional customer service skillsself-motivated. accomplishments. named employee of the month in 02/2014 at c spire.winner of the c spire employee of the quarter award 1st quarter 2014.maintained 100 survey rating entire tenure at foshee residential.top 5 in new accounts at foshee residential 2012 1st place southeast regionals american kickboxing academy tournament 3x for shogunmma. experience account service representative ii/tech january 2012 to may 2014 project design development leadmay 2014. henderson-thomas birmingham alabama. discover design and build new user experiences to drive the next generation of portals applications and web properties including mobile. design visually stunning cutting-edgegraphics animations and interactions for web sites portals and applications. produce visualassets needed by development team. contribute to building the brand on portals applications mobile apps and web sites by executing user interface design consistently on alldeliverables. refine low to high-fidelity wireframes into designs for the informationarchitecture navigational models process flows page layout information displays andinteractional
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager professional summary construction manager professional summary motivated construction manager highly effective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. strong knowledge of building construction and civil engineering principles and concepts. i collaborate successfully with staff and contractors to complete multi-million dollar projects. skills osha certified excellent customer relations subcontractor management knowledgeable in construction safety best building practices interior and exterior renovation scaffolding commercial construction expert fall protection plan fpp strong interpersonal skills design experience project scheduling building systems and services certified erosion and sedimentation control inspector designed and built custom homes. considered a subject matter expert in all construction trades. held certifications in concrete field asphalt field soils and aggregate. project scheduling certified as an erosion and sedimentation control inspector. held and recertified in field concrete testing soils and aggregate compaction nuclear gauge safety and hot mix asphalt field. panned designed and built custom homes. subject matter expert in all construction trades work history construction manager 06/2011 to 02/2014 perform construction management and/or construction inspection duties involving the erection of new structures the installation of equipment and systems or the alteration or major repair of existing structures accomplish studies and design work of complex conventional nature and provide technical
__label__DESIGNER lead piping designer summary lead piping designer summary senior mechanical / piping designer with over 40 years of progressive design experience in the petrochemical industry. this experience has been gained on a variety of projects petrochemical lpg storage facility polyethylene plants pipeline pumping and metering stations pulp paper mill facilities sulfur recovery units storage tanks and fire water systems. experience lead piping designer 05/2013 to 02/2015 lead piping design efforts on the enterprise front range pipeline project utilizing cadworx. updated bi-weekly progress status reports. attended meetings with the clients took meeting notes tracked and implemented action items. the project ran through 3 states beginning at kiowa colorado and ending at skellytown texas with 8 sites including 3 pumping stations and 5 metering stations. assisted with the developing of line list tie-in list equipment arrangements pfd s and p id s during fel2 phase of projects. developed piping manhour estimates and schedules for fel3 and detailed design phases of projects. principal piping designer 08/2008 to 05/2013 developed line list tie-in list equipment arrangements pfd s and p id s. developed piping manhour estimates and schedules. updated bi-weekly progress status reports. attended meetings with the clients took meeting notes tracked and initiated action items. lead a
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile p consultant executive profile p l manufacturing/engineering supply chain executive increasing revenues profitability and ebitda coaching and leading teams operational turnarounds strategic planning creative solutions creating value driving results highly accomplished p l manufacturing executive with a proven track record in leading manufacturing and distribution businesses by utilizing lean tools in the value adding stream. turnaround experience. increasing price/earnings multiples and stockholder value. developed and implemented strategic plans. ability to attract and retain key personnel. excellent at coaching and mentoring key personnel in all disciplines. knowledgeable of qs 9001 iso/ts 16949 logistics and new product launches. sox compliant. trained in lean manufacturing by eliyahu m. goldratt author of the goal . kpi metrics and measurements driven. increased value by 30 million reduced inventories by 40 reduced assembly labor by 60 increased earnings per share by 1.25. delivered expected results in safety with a record of 176 days without lost time accidents. made processes reliable and repeatable to achieve quality standards in single digit ppms. achieved a 100 on time delivery with sequence scheduling managed both union and non-union employees ranging from staffing of 150 to 2 000 personnel. ability to diagnose performance problems quickly and implement solutions. establish targets and goals
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician professional summary engineering technician professional summary seeking a position of engineering technician. summary of qualifications. fifteen years of r d lab support. troubleshoot and debug system to component level. ten years of test lab setup and test equipment configuration. over ten years of quality analyst/inspections. pc board rework fine pitch and through hole soldering test plan and test case development. validation and regression tests execution and documentation. complex system troubleshooting. results-driven and focused engineering technician who prioritizes safety cost-effective solutions and exceeding customer expectations. skills exceptional time management operational analysis root cause analysis technical plan execution aptitude highly dependable detail-oriented product improvement strong leader manufacturing process controls proficient in solidworks decisive work history 11/2012 to current engineering technician completed projects by effectively applying engineering technical and maintenance procedures. used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes multi-meters waveform generators and spectrum analyzers. followed verbal instructions and hand sketches to adapt and modify tooling. improved product quality by customizing tools and eliminating variability. initiated contact with vendors and built solid working relationships with them. followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problems. 01/2009 to 10/2012 quality analyst/document control specialist collaborated with engineers at the new product introduction phase to develop and
__label__BANKING investment banking summer analyst investment banking summer analyst summary of skills microsoft office public speaking proficient in spanish professional experience 07/2015 investment banking summer analyst built discounted cash flow and leveraged buyout financial models to obtain implied valuations of tmt companies presented a case study on evertec a payments processing including potential m a opportunities to senior members of tmt group select transaction experience sale of ascensus inc. to genstar capital and aquiline capital partners aided in creation of investor presentation materials and due diligence potential sale of large media to sponsors groups for 3 billion assisted in financial modeling for levered transaction prepared comparable analysis examining precedent transactions and similar opportunities potential global expansion of private u.s. based sports entertainment created pitch presentation for client meetings compiled extensive market research and provided broad analysis on emerging trends in global sports and media industries. 07/2014 intern evaluated prospective equity investments for the team. analyzed potential asset allocation scenarios for high net worth clients. 07/2013 intern generated leads of potential high net worth clients on both a corporate and private level. aided in evaluating financial reports and constructing portfolio changes. education may 2016 financial accounting microeconomics macroeconomics inside hedge funds urban economics multivariable calculus creative
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing commnications public relations marketing commnications public relations specialist summary public relations consultant knowledgeable about planning creating and implementing campaign strategies and media relations placement. highlights biography writer microsoft office proficiency self -motivated team player effective communication creative problem solving office organization wardrobe organization front desk / greeter / customer service office equipment fax scanner and multi phone line proficient in microsoft brand development office suite and adobe photoshop research skills legal marketing and location scouting licensed and trained cosmetologist certified makeup artist westlaw and lexisnexis knowledge of copyright law project management presentations self-directed knowledge of copyright law westlaw and lexisnexis office management new customer acquisition problem solving project management copywriting and copyediting promotional campaigns relationship building expert marketing and sales specialist deadline-driven exceptional multi-tasker decisive problem solver organized and efficient motivated team player time management proper phone etiquette works well under pressure social media knowledge understands grammar labor relations meeting planning travel administration legal administrative support executive presentation development scheduling mail management business correspondence self-starter human resource laws knowledge multi-media marketing direct mail campaigns special events planning skilled negotiator graphic design accomplishments litigation assisted attorneys with trial preparation developed trial exhibits to motions and reviewed/organized documents for trial discovery. legal administration tasks generated
__label__FINANCE director finance projects summary director finance projects summary organized results-oriented finance professional with a tangible track record of consistently delivering exceptional financial modeling and analytic support. proved success of managing day-to-day business activities of financial analytic systems and teams supporting m a activity managing large-scale projects developing implementing and auditing business process flows and ensuring the accurate disclosure of financial facts. experienced leader working across the organization to create compelling analysis with the goal of influencing improved business performance. highlights financial system assessment and implementation business process improvement buy sell side due diligence in-depth knowledge of sap purchase accounting analytical support forecasting and planning advanced excel modeling project management impairment analysis lease accounting accomplishments member of the sell side team responsible for the financial analytic modeling and support of the confidential information memorandum financial model and due diligence process resulting in a 2.3 billion sale of img to wme and silver lake partners completed may 2014 developed documentation and analytics for the european union turkey and united states anti-trust fillings related to the sale of img to wme. provided analytic support of purchase accounting goodwill and intangibles post sale wme img implemented statutory ledgers 26 countries sap configured and implemented fixed assets sap 12
__label__HEALTHCARE g healthcare recruiter skills g healthcare recruiter skills ads autism benefits billing coach coaching client clients data processing delivery drivers filing financial statements hiring inventory managing meetings access office network networking payroll personal coaching presentations pricing psychology recruiting researching research sales seminars staffing phone workshops experience healthcare recruiter / jul 2016 to mar 2017 managed full cycle recruiting process to meet staffing goals. developed strong relationships and partnered with hiring manager to maximize effectiveness of recruiting process. tracked and reported key metrics. partnered with hiring manager and interview teams to ensure job requirements were clearly understood. presented candidates and coordinated the interview process. built a network and pipeline of healthcare professionals that matched hospital partners culture. sourced and screened candidates to meet the high volume of open positions. professional recruiting specialist / jun 2013 to dec 2015 sought interviewed reference checked and placed contract employees that completely satisfied the client requirements. built contract employee workforce through ads career fairs social media relationships and networking. took personal responsibility for and met all individual activity goals of entire division. actively participated in all team meetings actively shared ideas and concepts. communicated with clients regarding specific job orders candidate submissions and other candidate matters conference calls etc...
__label__APPAREL grocery clerk experience grocery grocery clerk experience grocery clerk 07/2012 to 05/2014 used pallet jacks and hand trucks to move merchandise to the sales floor for stocking. checked product shelves to make sure that they contained proper price labels and handled price changes when requested by the manager. pleasantly greeted customers and provided prompt and courteous service at all times. maintained a safe neat and clean working environment at all times. built displays and hung signage for products. operated various types of equipment including balers power jacks and slicing machines. rotated grocery products ensuring that expired or spoiled items were immediately removed and adhered to the first in first out rule. removed trash swept and mopped floors for a professional appearance. received and unloaded new items upon delivery and checked products for damage and order accuracy. assisted customers with price checking and finding requested items in the store. recommended products to customers to drive sales. uav technician avionics/maintenance technician 05/2014 to 05/2015 install remove inspect test maintain and repair systems components and ancillary equipment. perform launch recovery and other flight line operations at the organizational maintenance. box truck driver/technician 06/2015 to 04/2016 inspected the truck for defects and safe operating condition before during and
__label__ARTS coordinator donor relations summary coordinator donor relations summary highly organized communications specialist with number years in the communications field. areas of expertise include web and print content development public speaking and project management. highly qualified detail-oriented and hardworking job title with more than number years of experience. proficient in research writing case management and client relations. expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications website design html cms and hosting networking issues and social media. highlights dedicated team player sharepoint microsoft office suite event planning exceptional writing skills exceptional problem solver print and electronic media budgeting and forecasting project development and lifecycle accomplishments developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging. formulated an inclusive design manual reference guide with more than number design templates. experience 01/2013 to current coordinator donor relations track and analyze donor data received from volunteer projects to effectively cultivate relationships research identify and analyze past campaign activities to develop effective campaign growth strategies and forecasts identify strategies to strengthen social media presence and increase engagement produce internal and external communications collateral digital and print generate ideas to develop communication strategies for donor cultivation solicitation and stewardship maintain and utilize email
__label__APPAREL sr. project management associate sr. project management associate professional profile results-oriented project administrator with 14+ years experience in the toy manufacturing industry. meticulous and collaborative professional with unsurpassed skill at managing diverse needs in deadline-driven environments. qualifications core competencies and strengths are as follows ability to communicate effectively with team members and management team. develop and maintain key relationships/partnerships with both domestic and international functional groups and line functions. multi-tasking able to handle more than one project simultaneously.time management ability schedule management time management ability ability to prioritize professional demeanor schedule management problem resolution deadline-oriented microsoft office experience sr. project management associate november 2010 to current - barbie product development manage projects from original concept through final implementation performs concurrent project management assignments for moderately complex toys and high volume skus relative to product development planning costing and engineering proactively meets milestones and deadlines while ensuring projects remain on budget. projects with high visibility/key drivers that generates over 2 million dollars in sales annually. facilitate weekly team meetings to provide timely project status updates to all cross functional team members. travel to the s china and indonesia manufacturing plants to track the development/production progress of the barbie product line. utilize agile software platform to
__label__FINANCE trade finance officer career trade finance officer career focus 9 yrs banking summary of skills trade finance operations customer service branch banking accomplishments awarded best tele-caller for 3 times in a row in hsbc rated excellent performer in yearly appraisal at hsbc professional experience august 2007 to january 2011 trade finance officer payments of documents presented under l/c. booking paying off of collection documents. delivery order issuance for documents under l/c or collection. advance direct payment under rbi regulations. resolving all client query regarding import payments letter of credit collection bills bill presentation under l/c collections ensure transactions are processed with the tat bill of entry follow up august 2005 to july 2007 fund transfer investigation officer working as an officer in fund transfer investigations for abn amro bank -netherland investigate fund transfer related cases and bring them to closure in a timely manner specializing in specific types of cases and handling queries related to bank and clients gaining more knowledge on swift messaging and international fund transfer actively working on projects on increasing efficiency ratio by decreasing rejects and avoiding re-opens escalate cases if they do not get resolved within specific time meet the targets set october 2003 to august 2005 credit card
__label__ENGINEERING engineering planning manager experience engineering planning manager experience engineering planning manager may 2015 to august 2017 manufactures ankle monitoring systems. maintain inventory. maintain manufacturing orders issues and receipts. senior manufacturing project engineer may 1996 to march 2015 oem and cms manufactures pcb s dh tools and electronics box builds etc. supervise planning departments. this involved reviewing orders monitoring shortages and reviewing work order reports for any discrepancies which resulted in reducing delivery times to the customer. coordinate with purchasing for proper scheduling of component parts from drawings and bills of material. results were a faster turnaround times to the customer. resolve customer issues involving deliveries both in plant and at the customers location. results were improved customer relations. translate customer documentation into our planning system for accurate processing. implement a paperless document and capacity/demand system that resulted in faster turnaround. train employees in mrp software capacity/demand and a paperless manufacturing system. results were improved product quality and shipment improvements. production planner june 1995 to may 1996 oem manufactures engine panels and gauges. determine labor requirements for meeting production schedule and improving deliveries. determine ship dates order and maintain inventories and schedule work through the department. results were lower inventories and improved deliveries. production manager
__label__DESIGNER designer summary designer with designer summary designer with more than 15 years in product design manufacturing exhibit design and visual merchandising with comprehensive management and logistics experience who thrives in dynamically changing environments. highlights design processing expertise proficient in autocad adobe photoshop concept development product specifications color and material application strong leader proficient with furniture systems vendor sourcing knowledgeable of quality control standards procurement specialist dedication to product quality compliance with gmps accomplishments planned directed coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements. experience 03/2014 to 11/2015 designer - design and built custom furniture from client s initial conceptual idea. create cad drawings for approval create estimate of pricing provide finish samples and fabrics cuttings for approval creates reviews and modifies all specification documentation including approval drawings supplier drawings and all specifications. responsible for correct building and finishing of product designed completed key projects on time on budget and with a high level of accuracy. reviewed production orders schedules delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability. established and adjusted work procedures to meet production schedules. supervised production schedules production quality and on time delivery. 02/2006 to 03/2014 senior production manager - management of production team responsible for price quotations of all
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant summary business development consultant summary experienced life science sales and marketing specialist with track record in growing customer base and maximizing sales. motivated and ambitious with ability to increase business opportunities through dynamic marketing strategies and effective communication. able to use analytical skills and industry knowledge to develop innovative strategies for success. skills business development account management competitive analysis prospecting/cold calling knowledge of drug development cycle sales and marketing strategizing market research and analysis marketing management event planning c-level presentations rfp/rfi/bid preparation public relations experience business development consultant mar 2018 to current sgw pharma marketing is a b2b life science marketing agency focused on connecting drug development companies with target audiences development partners investors service providers etc. by developing and managing integrated full circle marketing programs . oversaw business client and vendor negotiations. effectively directed internal marketing communications and sales support staff. improved marketing plans sales strategies and customer relations to maximize business development. leveraged industry trends in client markets to shape value-added solutions and approaches for key audiences. streamlined operational efficiencies developed sales tracking reports for planning by executive team. maintained strong understanding of competitors their offerings and their presence across globe. account executive oct 2017 to feb 2018 american
__label__CONSTRUCTION qa / qc manager qa / qc manager summary qa / qc manager qualification highlights current certifications job 21 years experience in the oil and gas industry specializing in repair/maintenance and new construction of above ground storage tanks with 6 years in the qa / qc field. highlights microsoft word excel weld pro auto-cad matt halderman- 1 experience 01/2011 to 11/2016 01/2005 to 01/2008 qa / qc manager creates maintains and establishes all wpq s and wps s while also training and document control of all nde. initiates oversees and audits shop and shop inspector. reviews all drawings from the bid phase to procurement. provides superintendents with proper nde training and technical support. perform completion audits on job closing packages. write and develop weld procedures and can sign asme level iii procedures. construction manager responsible for day-to-day operations of construction projects assembled personnel equipment and materials for projects. supervised multiple projects concurrently while providing advice and assisting in the planning of projects awarded for transition from sales to operations. successful job management of up to as many as 10 crews/jobs at one time. customers worked for include. superintendent / repair and new tank construction responsible for day-to-day operations on the work-site while controlling the
__label__BANKING investment banking summer analyst investment banking summer analyst skills java c+ python app development experience investment banking summer analyst may 2013 to august 2013 advised on 1.2b sell-side m a deal completed buy-side m a screen and contributed to 11 total project teams drove financial analysis for sell-side m a deal built the levered model projecting operations financing and returns completed 3 subsequent model iterations and built sensitivities coded excel macros to improve client experience communicated with clients partner banks goldman leadership to create investor materials and facilitate deal processes performed m a screen for 20b client designed 7 quantitative screen criteria and ranked 30 potential targets built accretion-dilution mini-combo model with flexible architecture facilitating numerous targets and premium scenarios read equity research and 10-ks to create profiles perform sum-of-the-parts valuation and write growth commentary. finance research assistant may 2012 to may 2013 analyzed sec filings to assess target valuations of strategic buyers compared to those of financial buyers reviewed over 300 takeover auction background identifying data points to calculate takeover premiums paid systemically organized information using excel to facilitate data analysis and further research reviewed final paper for previous relevant topic and provided content and conceptual improvements. sales clerk may 2011 to august
__label__ADVOCATE family advocate professional summary family advocate professional summary a motivated professional with practical analytical and operational skills with resourceful problem solving. communicative and personable will learn and adapt quickly. hands on follow directions and serve internal and external customers with poise and professionalism. skills strong interpersonal skills ms word ms excel ms powerpoint outlook benefit servicing systems icue facet iset customer service management expertise citrix medical benefit and claim systems kl library linx case management medical terminology records vlookup pivot tables etc team leadership team liaison self-motivated extremely organized client assessment and analysis risk management processes and analysis staff development negotiation competency active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution courteous demeanor employee relations specialist high customer service standards troubleshooting skills telecommunication knowledge work history family advocate // // may 2014 to current provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone email or internet in a professional courteous accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication. resolves customer inquiries and concerns with first call resolution assist with the members needs regarding benefits eligibility claims financial spending accounts health reimbursement accounts and correspondence. answers customer s questions to help guide and educate them through selecting the best benefit plan options maximize
__label__HEALTHCARE director compounding sales specialist director compounding sales specialist professional summary highly organized and talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and balances customer needs with demands. efficiently builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while consistently reaching and exceeding sales targets. skilled in building relationships negotiating and closing sales. core qualifications microsoft office word powerpoint excel. crm software sugar and sales logix. accomplished in relationship building and selling. experience director compounding sales specialist july 1997 to march 2015 talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and balances customer needs with demands. efficiently builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while consistently reaching sales targets. exceed sales goals. monitor customers preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. numerous sales awards for most new accounts signed monthly and most dollars in revenue. plan sales events. present powerpoint presentations at events for professionals and the public. train new sales representatives on all aspects of compounding. respond to all customers inquires in a timely manner. maintain friendly and professional customer interactions. healthcare services supervisor april 1996 to june 1997 build and design nursing division. recruit and hire all professionals. verify all credentials and background checks. make cold calls and appointments to local hospitals nursing homes and doctors offices to introduce
__label__SALES sales associate summary punctual sales associate summary punctual retail sales professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. flexible schedule and strong mathematical aptitude. results-oriented store manager focused on increasing profits reducing costs inventory management and transforming customer service standards. enthusiastic outgoing and fashion-savvy sales associate proficient at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering superior customer service. highlights cash handling detail-oriented analytical cash flow analysis mathematical aptitude organized time management excellent multi-tasker strong communication skills flexible schedule superb sales professional excellent communication skills supporting international sales team excellent negotiating tactics business negotiation internet savvy relationship selling reliable and dependable cheerful and energetic resolution-oriented experience september 2013 to november 2015 sales associate l stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts. l priced merchandise stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies. l cleaned and organized the store including the checkout desk and displays. l alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions. l identified potential shoplifters and alerted management. l trained 7 new sales associates each quarter. l completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures including counting the contents of the cash register. l welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items. l handled all
__label__CONSULTANT qualifications microsoft office specialist qualifications microsoft office specialist symantec endpoint protection symantec backup exec. a+ network+ expert use of service management software tools ability to learn new skills quickly solving complex pc network software issues software distribution automation software compliance audit remediation it asset tracking inventory audit system security administration support fortune 500 business users with level 1 2 and 3 incidents member of high priority technology project teams install move add change pc s network and voice communications coordination with critical 3rd party service providers - acs/xerox cognizant avaya ibm verizon at t ability to develop detailed technical instructions and processes ability to organize during periods of competing priorities communicate well with all levels of management dcjs amag access control systems code blue systems access it universal - rs2 technologies vmware administrator microsoft office 97 2000 xp 2003 2007 2010 and 2013 - proficient with microsoft word excel access project and visio proficient use of citrix vmware big fix tivoli avaya intuity shoretel novell windows 7 zenworks full disk encryption cyber security jamf - casper suite remedy service center service now work experience it consultant 07/2013 current provide customers with strategic guidance in regard to it technology - defining software hardware and network
__label__CHEF table games dealer summary table games dealer summary throughout the years i ve been trained to give only the best service and customer care. it is not only about doing the job right but to make sure the customer is satisfied with their experience. i ve progressed from a cashier to a waitress to my most recent employment as a blackjack dealer giving me a total of three years experience in customer care. however my skills are not limited to this description so i m sure i ll be the perfect fit for any position available. highlights typing speed of 98 wpm powerpoint word access excel photoshop trained to deal blackjack ultimatetexas hold em and three card poker. customer service experience and course training. cash handling reliable team worker neat clean and professional appearance comfortable standing for long time periods math and language skills delivers exceptional customer service engaging personality excellent multi-tasker experience table games dealer november 2012 to june 2014 educated customers on game rules and mathematical probabilities of various wagers. increased volume and loyalty to the casino by attracting new players and building one-on-one relationships with guests. took and paid bets and retrieved cards. inspected cards and equipment to be used in
__label__ARTS bilingual language arts sixth bilingual language arts sixth grade teacher summary dedicated and enthusiastic professional with over four years experience in education. proven expertise in establishing rapport and building trust among students parents administrators and community members. possess strong communication skills and ability to partner across departments within and outside of an organization to meet the needs of students. motivating students school improvement committee interactive teaching/learning interdisciplinary teaching innovative lesson planning effectively work with parents professional experience 08/2014 to current bilingual language arts sixth grade teacher developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials and build community within the classroom participate in the development of intervention plans for students within the classroom setting during mvp time tutoring hour as well as after school tutoring oversee read 180 program participants and monitor their progress as part of their intervention strategy implementation of newer educational technology programs in order to teach students new techniques to use within their presentations to showcase their knowledge some examples include prezi storyboard that edmodo thinglink and others participate in district community ambassador program and campus improvement committee. 01/2014 to 05/2014 bilingual substitute teacher worked in elementary schools and substitute several classroom programs inclusive
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY vice president information technology vice president information technology executive profile performance-driven it executive experienced in building technology organizations that make it a strategic partner of the company. creates it competitive advantages in capability and scale by leveraging best-in-class infrastructures. highly experienced in building improving and turning around it organizations. skill highlights it strategy it management project management business intelligence cloud computing sox hipaa glba team building enterprise platforms business continuity disaster recovery budgeting/cost control it infrastructure professional experience vice president information technology november 2012 to current represent information technology as a member of the senior leadership team with oversight of all tactical and strategic aspects of corporate it systems. manage and lead six-person team that oversees all it infrastructure and business intelligence operations at one of the largest united ways in the nation 38m revenue . responsible for 1m annual it budget including staffing operations purchasing and vendor management with an emphasis on cost savings and value-based solutions. engineered strategic evolution of salesforce crm with the implementation of email marketing event registration credit card purchasing and volunteer management systems. designed and executed it portion of corporate headquarters move to a new 64 000 sq. ft. building with zero downtime. oversaw the creation of a
__label__ARTS independent consultant career overview independent consultant career overview energetic customer service or pr representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. i m enthusiastic to connect with people and offer them the best customer service they ve experienced to date all while capitalizing on my strengths listed below. i will be an asset to any and will assist in helping to grow expand their business. successes successfully orchestrated annual conference for 600 people improved organization and workflow of business office for 70 congregations coordinated emceed annual women s retreats for the past 4 years exceptional multi-tasker accuracy and speed . saved tens of thousands of dollars by doing the work of several people for 13 years at the lumber core strengths strong organizational skills courteous demeanor energetic work attitude leadership experience great people skills reliable responsible team player strong initiative/problem solving skills work experience independent consultant jul 2013 to current generate sales from existing clients focused on new client acquisition provide excellent customer service to all clients including prompt responsiveness and delivery of product troubleshoot and coach consultants on my team create invitations and flyers for advertising purposes creative worship arts director dec 2011 to may 2016 responsible for organization of weekly
__label__ADVOCATE disability advocate professional summary disability advocate professional summary dedicated public health administrator adept at public and community relations staff development and project management. seeking an opportunity to merge managerial experience with the public health field resulting in improved patient care and increased rate of investment return. education and training east stroudsburg university 2016 bachelor of science public health health services administration public health health studies department united states gpa dean s list and honor roll academic achievement award beneficiary. currently 107 credits and needing 13 more gpa 3.72 public health health services administration dean s list and honor roll academic achievement award beneficiary. currently 107 credits and needing 13 more gpa 3.72 public health health studies department community college of philadelphia 2015 associate of science social/behavioral science health services united states gpa international honor society. four term recipient of dean s list academic achievement award and honor roll. graduated with high honors gpa 3.73 social/behavioral science international honor society. four term recipient of dean s list academic achievement award and honor roll. graduated with high honors gpa 3.73 health services accomplishments 08/2006- philadelphia and surrounding area present representative of the think first national injury prevention program. featured on community college of philadelphia s t.v.
__label__AVIATION laborer career focus looking laborer career focus looking for an entry level job with challenges. nolan has excellent communications skills works well with others while skillfully making independent decisions. looking for a long term job to better myself. accomplishments captain of high school football and baseball 2014-2015 lettered varsity football 4 years lettered varsity baseball 3 years lettered varsity track 1 year voted most athletic by classmates 2015 first team all region football 2014 second team all conference football 2014 skills dependable fast learner trustworthy hard working experience 08/2016 to 12/2016 aided in aircraft mechanics aircraft clean up and restoration. 02/2016 to 05/2016 laborer categorized livestock to be sold at auction. worked with live animals in livestock pens and with auctioneers. in charge of loading and unloading livestock. 06/2014 to 08/2014 laborer part time summer worker in charge of general labor and maintenance of parts and inventory. education hvac new river community college usa 2015 advance diploma rural retreat high school usa certifications cdl class a learners pesticide applicator certificate boating safety course certificate hunter safety course certificate
__label__ARTS quality analyst/senior record keeping quality analyst/senior record keeping specialist summary administrative professional eager to leverage over 20 years of experience and business management degree to secure a higher level position that will demonstrate leadership skills. highly organized efficient and skilled in a variety of office support tasks. professional highlights creates vision for performing art shows and acquires appropriate facilities for expected guests. motivates and manages teams for targeted outcomes. recruit and supervise associates to ensure effective mentoring of all performers. lead coach for upwards of 60 performers per venue. oversees all record keeping. handles approval of budgets payroll accounts costume selections stage sets playbills press releases and purchases of insurance contracts required for facility rentals. reviews and approves rental contracts for vendors captures sales records for ticket type orders manages timelines and schedules. procedure development personable team building relationship building flexible dedicated client relationships troubleshooting and problem solving productivity improvement specialist quality assurance and control organized results-oriented cost reduction and containment experience may 2010 quality analyst/senior record keeping specialist excel within deadline-intensive environment ensuring the accurate and on-time completion of qc related tasks and volumes related to service level agreements. provided weekly team building to motivate peers toward team mindsets resulting in praise by
__label__CONSULTANT consultant profile knowledge of consultant profile knowledge of most common operating system superior troubleshooting ability ability to install and configure networks and personal computers excellent customer service skills professional experience january 2008 to current consultant provide support for laptops desktops and networks. troubleshoot all computer issues both remote and onsite. custom build systems based on user specifications. october 2003 to december 2008 instructor taught basic and advanced computer classes. created appropriate assessments to verify learning. classes included ms windows office and a+ certification. september 2003 to november 2006 computer technician travelled throughout the state. installed and repaired both hardware and software systems. kept on-call hours on both nights and weekends. june 2002 to august 2003 computer technician maintained uptime of computer network and database systems for students and facility. ran wiring and cabling for entire network in schools. consulted with faculty that had computer issues. education thomas college 2012 masters of education thomas college 2010 bachelor computer information systems computer information systems 2002 comptia a+ hardware and software 2003 mmtc net+ certification skills a+ a+ certification basic cabling hardware database desktops laptops office ms windows network networks troubleshoot wiring
__label__FITNESS rehabilitation specialist / massage rehabilitation specialist / massage therapist career focus to obtain admittance into the masters of science in health science and rehabilitation program at rocky mountain university. education therapeutic massage and bodywork 2013 nevada school of massage therapy 4.0 gpa bachelor of science human performance 2012 florida gulf coast university elected as student government senator for the college of health professions. selected to omicron delta kappa national leadership honor society vice president of sigma phi epsilon fraternity. human performance student association event planner skills microsoft office powerpoint word excel distant learning education time management website development professional experience rehabilitation specialist / massage therapist december 2014 to current privately owned rehabilitation and strength conditioning center. work closely with owner and head chiropractor for movement screening and rehabilitation treatments. responsibilities include providing members with personal training group fitness classes massage therapy movement assessment and rehabilitation. proficient in movement assessment using functional movement screen and selective functional movement screen. proficient with move to perform software for fms and rehabilitation. group fitness instructor may 2012 to current teach aqua bootcamp and aqua aerobics primary focus of classes is to increase strength and endurance with added mobility framework for each class. average class size is 20-30 members.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development representative professional business development representative professional summary experienced administrative professional with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences. core qualifications computer proficient reports generation and analysis client relations file/records maintenance multi-task management territory sales experience purchase order processing creative problem solving experience business development representative november 2014 to current identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and obtained leads through cold calls. managed organization s south texas and west texas region and performed full sales cycle duties therefore increasing division profits. quoted prices for services outlined in brochure. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. consistently met and exceeded divisional expectations for productivity and accuracy levels. led sales calls with team members to establish sales and customer retention goals. generated new accounts by implementing effective networking strategies. assisted with budget forecasting goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage. delivered weekly performance updates and monthly business reviews. optimized current revenue streams by networking for additional business prospects with established clients. identified coordinated and participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings. answered customer questions regarding products prices and availability. researched
__label__AVIATION air freight agent summary air freight agent summary air freight agent emphasizing quality customer service and air-cargo services. hardworking and willing to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidays. highlights safety-oriented team player skilled multi-tasker safety checks organized security checks staff training and development accomplishments increased airline revenue from all known shipper for all outbound and inbound freights and indirect air courier customers. experience 08/2014 to 03/2016 air freight agent - accepting booking inspecting and tracking outbound and inbound cargoes. checking import/ export documentation to determine cargo contents and classifying goods into different fee or tariff groups using a tariff coding system. contacting vendors to resolve problems with shipments determining method of shipment and preparing bills of lading invoices and other shipping documents. entering shipping information into a computer by hand or by using a hand-held scanner that reads bar codes on goods. handling special commodity shipment according to tsa cbp and faa regulation. direct or participate in cargo loading in order to ensure completeness of load and even distribution of weight. verify and monitor all inbound freights and transferred cargoes from different freight forwarders preparing daily reports on all transactions. providing front counter and direct customer service to all vendors and shippers
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development summary results-driven business development summary results-driven and highly skilled business development account manager and marketing professional with over 10 years of experience developing and executing customized account plans to increase sales volume market share and relevance in the marketplace. provide strategic value to customers including leveraging trends in customer industries/marketplaces to shape solutions and approaches driving overall business development. open and clear communicator with demonstrated strategic vision and disciplined execution. highlights relationship building networking sales/market analysis strategic planning adept at closing sales budget development business development account management analytical problem solver profit optimization cost efficiency training and development accomplishments grown sales revenue 85 in a depressed oil and gas market consistently exceeding sales goals. sunnyside supply personally responsible for 100 of erect-a-step sales and 40 of overall sales. sunnyside supply handle the highest volume/revenue accounts in assigned territory. sunnyside supply have obtained promotions and management opportunities faster than expected by employer. sunnyside supply and davison won award for rookie sales director of the year. davison consistently exceed sales quotas and always in the top 10 of the sales team. davison successfully expanded account base from 2 to more than 50 accounts. amore limousines/morgan coach led sales team to grow revenue from 50
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director business development executive director business development executive profile passionate sales executive and recognized respected leader. forward and creative thinker producing bottom line results. cultivates nurtures and maintains long-term customer relationships to boost sales and grow brand visibility. consistently exceeds revenue goals opens new accounts and generates new business opportunities. extensive experience in account and customer management. proven track record of success. skill highlights national account management business development powerful negotiator revenue production sales forecasting and analytics relationship cultivation new opportunity prospecting strategic planning category management enthusiastic professional demeanor market analysis project management core accomplishments launched cpg division of a 23 year old sales and marketing firm 90 days after employment began top sales person nationally two months into plan at ncr grew territory by 53 in the first year at ncr top 8 of sales representatives nationwide increased revenue with walmart by an additional 3.3m during first quarter at azteca milling grew the business with sam s club at glazer s by 15.98 in first year increased item distribution by nearly 100 in one high-profile sam s club while at glazer s professional experience director business development october 2014 to current - solely built and launched the cpg division of 2020 companies within
__label__SALES sales associate summary motivated sales associate summary motivated student seeking entry-level position. friendly outgoing and energetic team player with hard-working and driven nature. experience 01/2016 sales associate provided high-quality customer service to optimize customer purchasing and payment process. initiated inventory control measures to sustain stock levels and helped to order new inventories. educated customers on available product options to meet and exceed customer service experience. investigated and resolved customer complaints or issues to strengthen store reputation and grow customer retention. 01/2014 to 01/2015 cafe attendant maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume fast-paced operations. consistently provided friendly guest service and heartfelt hospitality. promptly and empathetically handled guest concerns and complaints. demonstrated integrity and honesty while interacting with guests team members and managers. greeted customers and provided excellent customer service. 01/2013 to 01/2014 food prep responsible for the production and plating of desserts. ensured freshness of food and ingredients by checking for quality keeping track of old and new items and rotating stock. helped with preparation set-up and service for catering events. spoke with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service. prepared food items. education 2016 high school diploma manchester central high school sociology and justice studies university of new hampshire sociology and
__label__FITNESS executive assistant/office manager summary executive assistant/office manager summary continue to manage employees to perform their best while improving productivity and reducing cost highlights word excel outlook powerpoint adobe prodoc quickbooks e2 system accomplishments decreased costs by number by negotiating pricing with vendors regarding wholesale billing and marketing procedures. experience executive assistant/office manager 01/2014 to current schedule and maintain multiple management calendars daily communication with management such as president vp cfo coo and director research and schedule international and domestic travel arrangements for all traveling employees prepare review update and distribute revenue report review approve and enter accounts payable invoices follow-up with ongoing tasks such as scheduling appointments ensuring correct information for meetings telephone conferences and personal appointments maintain credit card accounts and consult credit card holders on proper usage maintain cellular account and employee usage input and maintain drawings and specifics for engineering department schedule management meetings prepare agenda and minutes onsite and offsite meetings oversee and manage major projects such as building expansion in louisiana analyze s master service agreements/non-disclosure agreements and ensure execution is correct prepare expense reports and ensure entries and calculations are correct travel to louisiana for major meetings schedule prepare and host multiple holiday parties local and out of
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary innovative and accountant summary innovative and energetic accountant proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes to establish budgetary stability. has a strong background in school fund accounting with an emphasis on general ledger reconciliation and budget analysis. core strengths school fund accounting account reconciliation cash flow projections budget analysis/forecasting general ledger accounting accounts payable/receivable governmental reporting school bond experience accomplishments achieved the chief financial officer cfo certification through the michigan school business officials organization. experience accountant jul 2014 to current perform all general ledger duties for district. reconcile multiple bank accounts monthly. record and project cash flows. perform accounts payable/receivable duties. simplified the governmental reporting process. analyze budgets and amend as necessary. assist auditors with yearly financial statements. supply school board members with financial data. create purchase orders and supply to vendors. reconcile student lunch account purchases. prepare calendar year-end tax documents. assisted and trained staff with various accounting software tasks such as purchase order entry and budget report generating. staff accountant nov 2010 to jul 2014 performed accounts payable duties for three local area public school districts. processed purchase orders and supplied to vendors. prepared and processed 1099 s at calendar year-end. prepared various
__label__CONSULTANT leasing consultant summary to leasing consultant summary to attain a position with a client and team oriented business that promotes my customer service aptitude while expanding company-wide knowledge to meet office oriented goals. experience leasing consultant jan 2016 to current associated with the leasing of vacant units in the property to help ensure a high occupancy rate and assisting in customer service and resident retention of current residents. assist in daily inspections and upkeep models and target units ensuring they are presentable and ready to show to prospective residents. perform duties associated with the rental of apartments deal closing for renewals and off-site marketing. process rental applications and complete related forms verify all information in rental applications. obtain and review applicants credit report for review and final approval of the resident manager. record traffic sheets guest cards and/or daily reports updated of leasing activity such as inquiries appointments rentals intent to vacate notices move-ins and move-outs. assist in maintaining required inventories for community supplies and equipment. assist in maintaining up-to-date and accurate reports and completing all reports as requested by resident manager and/or corporate office. collect and handle rents and deposits. prepares rent receipts. handle resident concerns in the absence of resident manager or
__label__FINANCE finance manager executive profile finance manager executive profile financial lead with oversight committed to strategic management and quality performance. partner with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights business development performance management customer-oriented team training and development highly analytical budgeting and forecasting expertise accounting and finance lead leadership/communication skills professional experience finance manager september 2013 to current financial and accounting lead for the division responsible for p l performance achieving ebtia and working capital targets. partner with executive team driving strategic growth and initiatives. customer mda negotiations margin schedules and profit models. monitors divisional sox compliance month end procedures and gap closure performance. manages and supports the inventory control team accounting clerk staff contract coordinators and it. senior administrator october 2011 to september 2013 in this role the senior administrator is responsible for internal accounting and human resource functions. review g/l and distribute p l reports for usa headquarters and south east asia sea distribution center. prepares budgets and forecasts at departmental and executive level supervise administrative and customer service staff ensuring daily operations and production department standards are maintained implemented control procedures training decision makers
__label__HR hr volunteer asst. manager hr volunteer asst. manager professional summary i am dedicated to every project i have worked on with strong undergraduate and graduate credentials including five years experience in assisting management of human resources. i look to expand my knowledge increasing chances of future career opportunities by completing a doctorate in business program. educating myself as a full time student puts me in the position to operate in industries such as manufacturing government and healthcare those industries alone would increase my earning potential. being educated in these aspects of business will help me operate any organization as needed with my masters degree in business administration along with being able to comprehend what is needed for the organization to succeed. my aspiration while completing this mba program is helping me allow myself to work in top management positions along with allowing me to show the skills gained through education. skills human resource management product design and development strategic warehouse management this is where i added to my knowledge of how to run an organization in an ethical manor making sure all aspects of being true to an organization and making sure all policies and regulations are met within a timely manner making sure
__label__FITNESS senior exercise specialist sports senior exercise specialist sports and recreation coordinator summary pursuing project management work i will leverage my ten years of professional experience and coordination skills towards growing the company. i thrive in fast-paced environments and seek to constantly raise the level of performance and organizational excellence. highlights project manager enthusiastic driven microsoft office proficient organized and committed to excellence ms office and project business strategy and marketing exceptional communication skills experienced in planning and organizing problem solver excellent leadership and interpersonal abilities adaptable resourceful and able to network for shared knowledge experience senior exercise specialist sports and recreation coordinator coordinated the redesign and grand re-opening of the corporate health facility ensuring seamless integration of new equipment and layout. planned and scheduled rollout of new fitness classes. directed members during grand re-opening day and represented the fitness center as a new and improved site of service. held post-project meeting reviewing status of the site remodel discussing lessons learned and getting feedback from team members. designed floor layout using cad drawing. supervised new hires and interns. quickly grew in coordinatory responsibilities within one year of hire. generated task lists and action items for interns to follow. met regularly with direct management and stakeholders
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary college graduate consultant summary college graduate with interest in insurance claims work. proven record of success in all endeavors. strong work ethic and focus on the details. excited to begin career in investigative work. searching for an entry level position as an insurance claims adjuster. skills unix sql server 2005 sql server 2008 sql server 2008r2 vm-ware odbc sql pl/sql access ms office suite ms visio oracle 10g oracle 11g sap business objects bi suite peoplesoft adp and cview sap business objects suite ms reporting suite microstrategy ms office suite tableau industry software sql server studio empcenter cqcs dna dna-sme imc esoms and cview web design internet explorer netscape navigator chrome firefox java asp.net and html operating systems ms windows professional/enterprise/xp/7/8 nt novell netware server environments sql 2008 sql 2008r2 sql 2012 oracle 11g oracle 11g2 and rpg metadata sas peoplesoft adp ceridian encore ssrs ssas ssis etl access excel teradata crystal reports servicenow sharepoint and cyberquery experience consultant 07/2016 to current top 4 financial institution create sql queries stored procedures and tables to extract data analyze data to create executive team dashboards and daily visualizations utilize excel pivot tables to monitor observations within the core finance metadata template analyze core finance
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary accomplished top performing professional with proven success in directing leading and managing projects and campaigns from concept through completion. intensely focused on partnering to ensure client/customer satisfaction consistently exceeds expectations. creative strong partnership building skills and excellent communicator recognized for taking a collaborative approach and an enthusiastic team player. highlights technology skills knowledge of digital marketing and advertising social media linkedin facebook twitter ms office suite word excel outlook powerpoint corporate proprietary software accomplishments online advertising campaign management sales and territory management customer/client relationship building prioritization and multi-tasking cross-team cross-cultural relations training and mentoring effective verbal and written communication executive interfacing experience business development manager sep 2011 to sep 2013 online service division contract position beta coordinator for project rubicon. shopper-ready content and tools for omni-channel digital marketing. managed all worldwide inbound customer and partner inquiries from the microsoft tag platform and startup business group by supporting and facilitating increased sales portfolio. sourced top retailer and brands to facilitate in building growth revenue portfolio. solicited prospective customers utilizing multiple social media venues such as linkedin. provided analysis of customer experiences based on a set of evaluation questions. built strong working relationships with vendors contributing to growth
__label__ARTS director of theater highlights director of theater highlights edline google classroom canvas blackboard for performing arts events. images routinely used by communications photography offices at episcopal high school and cannon school on websites and publications. shot cover photo for ehs alumni magazine winter 2016. experience with photo and video editing software photoshop elements iphoto pro pixelmator imovie moviemaker maintenance through wysiwyg platforms wix silverpoint website design and school suite seamstress theatre crafts and mask-making intermediate-level experience 01/2011 to current director of theater re-built and developed award-winning theater program at an independent school where previous theater program had failed. developed and taught courses in acting playwrighting physical theatre improvisation shakespeare and a freshmen survey course of visual and performing arts. directed and designed 3-4 main stage productions per year including a musical as well as 3-5 studio plays including original and devised works. arranged for visiting artists to meet and work with theater students. collaborated with faculty members to create unique events connecting theatre to other disciplines. led student team of juniors through leadership and ethics curriculum. worked with the communications and publications departments to provide photographs and copy for all performing arts events used for school website magazine and brochures. served as academic adviser
__label__ARTS logistics coordinator summary to logistics coordinator summary to obtain a full-time position with a that offers opportunities and growth potential while contributing to the success of my employer. i m a executive who is a dynamic leader team player and motivator. i have over 15 years of human resources/office experience to contribute to any or organization. i m a detail-oriented person with excellent analytical skills and experience with benefits and payroll administration. along with 10 years of community service work. accomplishments employee of the month award team player award experience july 2013 to november 2013 logistics coordinator rail logistics work in-bounding and out-bounding trains in three different states for a local railroad ensuring vins from big three and other automotive companies were on the correct trains data entry of all switch instructions document train information along with verifying waybills for vins correct destination matching waybill numbers ensuring that all information inputted is accurate giving attention to detail december 2011 to october 2012 administrative assistant/receptionist answering telephones and welcoming guests. receiving and directing visitors word processing photocopying filing and faxing assist in scheduling and organizing complex activities such as meetings and department activities for members of the management team maintaining/reordering office supplies coordinate travel arrangement
__label__DESIGNER y freelance ux/ui interaction y freelance ux/ui interaction designer summary combined with work experience in architecture to move forward with a new career in user-centered design . the priority is to create great experiences for users while always keeping in mind needs and goals . experience freelance ux/ui interaction designer / apr 2017 to current legalchat app design created interactive prototypes low to high-fidelity wireframes logic flows visual design and icon provided content strategy ui design direction user experience design freelance ux researcher / apr 2017 to may 2017 usability testing for airbrush app scheduled and conducted remote usability test s to observe user behavior on interaction discovered insights and created infographic report for ux/ui designer / mar 2017 to apr 2017 website redesign for bay area chinese musician association produced content strategy ui design direction and user experience design deliverable included heuristic evaluation of current site competitive research persona creation site map low to high-fidelity wireframes architectural designer / aug 2015 to apr 2017 architectural design specializing in educational projects teamed with senior designer project manager and consultants created design product for educational projects laccd usc ucla created material schedules and furniture specification meet with college users and furniture consultants to improve users
__label__ADVOCATE customer care advocate experience customer care advocate experience customer care advocate 04/2019 to current respond to phone calls and correspondence including but not limited too appeals corrected claims timely filing and claims projects. responding to high call volumes of incoming calls and customer inquiries from current and prospective members providers as well as internal and external business partners and seeing those calls to completion. maintaining current knowledge of bmchp and wellsense health plan benefits provider network development and contact issues mass and new hampshire medicaid regulations as well as industry standards for claims adjudication and other party liability issues. meeting performance goals established for the position in the areas of productivity call quality and customer satisfaction. adhere to hippa guidelines. perform other duties when assigned customer care representative 03/2017 to 04/2019 resolving customer inquiries and problems through effective interaction with both internal and external staff particularly in the areas of marketing enrollment provider relations customer care center and claims. responding to a high volume of incoming calls and customer inquiries from current and prospective members providers and both internal and external staff and utilizes appropriate resource materials to effectively and accurately interpret respond and resolve customer inquiries and sees those calls through to completion.
__label__FITNESS office manager career focus office manager career focus exceptionally organized and efficient office manager with over 13 years experience in the office environment. seeking a challenging role in a dynamic organization. summary of skills as400/kronos/anosos/cerner. as well with proprietary software for data entry and retrieval update and maintain customer data skilled with microsoft office and quickbooks pro accomplishments reduced office expenses by finding smarter solutions for vendors suppliers and services. professional experience 01/2013 to current office manager assisted with designing information and operational support systems. worked quickly and efficiently with minimal oversight to accomplish assigned duties. accurately processed data validation and transmission for weekly semi-monthly and sales payrolls. monitored daily banking transactions. maintained annual and monthly budgets. compiled financial accounting and auditing reports and tables for cash receipts expenditures accounts payable receivables and profits and losses. reviewed investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries documents and reports. obtained information by contacting appropriate personnel or patients. scanned incoming documentation. consolidated diverse medical records. followed-up with insurance companies and individuals to resolve discrepancies. maintained complete confidentiality in accordance with organization and legal requirements. kept department clean organized and professional. maintained 100 compliance with all hospital and government regulations. conceptualized and implemented new and more
__label__BANKING financial aid specialist summary financial aid specialist summary dedicated results-oriented business professional experienced in customer service and financial aid administration. superior communication and training skills builds positive relations with internal and external clients. versatile problem solver who implements plans that exceed objectives. technically proficient in sunguard s banner and ellucian s datatel colleague student information systems as well as microsoft business applications additional capabilities in customer service budget management business analysis problem resolution productivity improvements process enhancements training documentation planning/organization professional experience financial aid specialist january 2012 to current counsels and advises students concerning financial aid opportunities application processes and financial management strategies. educates students in the identification of all sources of financial aid available including the requirements and regulations within programs. successfully manages 30 000 annual childcare assistance budget. interprets implements and ensures the college is in compliance with and federal agencies by maintaining a thorough knowledge of federal and financial aid scholarship rules and regulations. determines eligibility and awards financial aid applicants utilizing various software packages. this includes processing applications and corrections document tracking completing the verification process generating tracking and award notifications. develops and maintains effective working relationships with client/customer in order to initiate facilitate and complete work in assigned student
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager highlights business development manager highlights additional skills fluent in 4 european languages english french italian and greek. proficient in microsoft and mac platforms. good knowledge of google docs quicken and tradeware s ordering shipping and transportation management system. involved in various functions and fundraisers in the school s pta. chaired the ross school s most successful auction in 2011 raising 250 000. appointed 1st vp of fundraising in 2012. also chaired the school s wine auction in 2010 and the annual fundraising party in 2012. highly organized enthusiastic and financially astute. personable and energetic. experience business development manager april 2007 to current founded a language service to assist individuals and corporations with foreign language requirements. offer italian and french classes to professionals and children in a class room environment and privately. develop proprietary teaching and training materials tailor made for each student group. translation services written and simultaneous in and out of italian french and english. check translation s technical terms and terminology to ensure that they are accurate and remaining consistent throughout translation revisions. translation and interpreting experience in a variety of industries including communications bio-medical and aviation. reporting to the managing partner accountable for acquisition of new business and
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern profile proficient engineering intern profile proficient entry level electrical engineer with excellent technical analytical and communication skills. willing to relocate anywhere in the us. skills testing troubleshooting embedded hardware software microprocessors computer systems hardware software design digital signal processing analog and digital filter design reading circuit schematics circuit design and analysis digital logic soldering project management electronics low and high voltage devices low voltage power consumption power systems analysis active noise cancelling anc research and development solar pv systems design nationalelectric code nec engineering ethics failure analysis logistics. instrumentation oscilloscope logic analyzer multimeters applications ms visual studio ms office mac os matlab simulink mathcad verilog orcad pspice solidworks autocad inventor powerworld etap helioscope programming c++ c# c languages. accomplishments ieee robot competition systems design capstone spring 2013 - spring 2014 collaborated with a team of 4 engineering students in the design and implementation of an autonomous robot that has to detect an oil rig on fire select and transport a specific tool in order to extinguish the fire lead the mechanical design of the robot both chassis and robotic arm parts with 3-d printing technology and solidworks software. acquired experience with the mechanical shop equipment and lab instruments while producing mechanical components
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS general manager professional summary general manager professional summary manager with seven years of experience coordinating office management and special projects with a high degree of efficiency. serve as point person for directors staff clients and vendors to ensure proper lines of communication. maintain excellent communication skills problem resolution abilities and a high-level of confidentiality. excellent customer service accounting basic book-keeping processing payroll client relations experience. analytical detail oriented with a proven record for producing quality work in strict timelines. exercise independent judgment decision making abilities and a high level of confidentiality. manage a diversity of routine functions in a hospitality environment. skills work history general manager 11/2009 to current -responsibilities reviewing correspondence writing responses assisting the director of the institute manage and plan special events and conferences train supervise other staff oversee the purchases maintain office supplies equipments schedule appointments assisting in the recruitment process taking care of marketing the institute so that we get good no. of admissions every year. maintaining appropriate records of student s progress and development making the schedules for the staff members checking the log-books of the teachers from time to time and giving appropriate feedbacks. responding to walk-in inquiries and inquiries over the phone. coordinated projects and events
__label__ARTS field support specilist summary field support specilist summary technology support representative providing workstation and application support. provides end-user support via phone in a service desk environment. installs troubleshoots maintains and uses a variety of computer systems software and peripheral devices. highlights network traces technical standards and deliverables critical thinker technical standards and deliverables telecommunications field service network security network protocols proficient in internet technologies proficient in windows ms office proficiency efficient data management excellent communicator cisco routers and switches supporting ip telephony visio analysis and problem solving education master of science network communications management 2016 keller graduate school of management united states of america 3.15 gpa master s degree of network communications management concentration in technology apps 3.35 gpa completed data model normalization process modeling object oriented analysis created entity relationship diagrams in ms visio knowledge of user interface design bachelor of science interdisciplinary studies with a concentration in mathematics 2003 texas southern university united states of america 3.1 gpa coursework in interdisciplinary studies mathematics elementary and middle school education experience field support specilist 06/2017 to current download radio and alarm panel programming information into new/existing accounts in response to telephone requests. provide real-time installation quotes to field technicians and limited technical support to
__label__TEACHER kpandipou koffi summary compassionate kpandipou koffi summary compassionate teaching professional delivering exemplary support and assistance to teachers and students. display exceptional communication and problem solving skills. experience in office administration and public speaking. attentive and adaptable skilled in management of classroom operations. effective in leveraging student feedback to create dynamic lesson plans that address individual strengths and weaknesses. dedicated and responsive team leader with proven skills in classroom management behavior modification and individualized support. personable with experience using relationship-building to cultivate positive client staff and management connections. highly-developed communicator with outstanding skills in complex problem-solving and conflict resolution. high-performing administrative assistant offering experience working with diverse client base and delivering exceptional results. polished in managing client relations and managing vendor relationships. results-driven assistant with track record of excelling in fast-paced office environments. career-minded with talents in preparing reports taking messages and sorting and routing mail. comfortable working in fast-paced demanding office environment. energetic and reputable individual possessing strong work ethic professional demeanor and superb initiative. exceptional customer service and decision-making skills. service-oriented individual with expertise in preparing and modifying documents coordinating meetings and trips and preparing responses on behalf of company. committed to establishing stellar rapport with clients of diverse backgrounds. meticulous and systematic
__label__FINANCE finance and operations manager finance and operations manager summary dedicated to accurate automated and systematized flow of information analytical accounting and bookkeeping professional with 12 years of bookkeeping experience in preparation analysis and reporting of financial performance. proven professional focused on enhanced productivity automation and financial control. consistently exceed challenging business objectives. demonstrated ability to provide comprehensive support for executive-level staff. proven track record of accurately completing research and reporting to management. adept at developing and maintaining detailed pricing strategies profit margin and cost analysis forecasting budgeting and inventory management. noted efficiency in collections and maintaining current status of aging reports. highly focused and organized in supporting complex deadline driven operations efficient and effective in multi-task situations. able to prioritize and achieve organizational objectives. collaborated with cpa s and c-level management. highlights microsoft office system quickbooks microsoft windows operating system and salesforce. payroll services include trax adp accuchex sure payroll wells fargo and intuit. participate in intuit s continuing research program conducting case studies with quickbooks software. public and private accounting cost accounting budget analysis account reconciliations cash-flow report generation accomplishments accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. auditing extensive experience with financial statements audits reviews compilations
__label__BANKING sr. home mortgage consultant sr. home mortgage consultant - wells fargo advisors summary an accomplished results-driven team player with over 20 years of experience in financial services. extensive broad expertise in banking finance investments insurance and relationship management. demonstrated proficiency in new business development across all business lines. skills solid communication interpersonal time management organizational and leadership skills. experience may 2015 sr. home mortgage consultant - wells fargo advisors building solid relationships with referral partners the wells fargo advisors team members by developing and presenting a value proposition creating and presenting lead identification strategies. receiving customer referrals/leads from the financial advisors and converting those referrals/leads into mortgage loan applications. remaining accountable to referral partner customer and others during all aspects of the mortgage financing process. main responsibilities include relationship management instrumental in initiating developing and managing relationships with wells fargo advisors in an effort to partner with financial advisors for referral/lead generation. sales markets and sells wfhm mortgage products to new or existing wf customers using established inbound outbound and cold calling techniques in partnership with financial advisors. quality assurance ensures loan salability by prospecting customers who meet loan qualifications standards and/or by correctly interpreting underwriting guidelines and policies. central point of contact acts
__label__ARTS online learning coordinator - online learning coordinator - program training and support summary to effectively and innovatively influence student and staff knowledge and skills with learning technologies and learning management systems through support and online education. core qualifications multiple learning management system platform experience schoology desire2learn d2l moodle blackboard multiple platforms to enhance the use of technology as a mode of learning mobile learning tablet computing online professional development online courses for credit both virtual and in the classroom educational software as instruction and as supplemental to instruction gamification video tutorials creating and presenting district-level staff development for educational software programs creating and facilitating all required professional development for all departments in a district of 5 000+ employees certified trainer of trainers tot for siop sheltered instruction observation protocol implementation in the classroom achievements member of international society for technology in education iste presenter at 2012 tcca technology integration in the elementary classroom esl teacher of the year plummer middle school 2006-2007 member of international literacy association ila presenter at 2014 tcea technology integration and you professional experience online learning coordinator - program training and support october 2013 to current created and presented district staff development sessions for district purchased online software programs for
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY assistant information technology it assistant information technology it director summary a high performing and energetic portfolio program and project management professional with proven track record and consistent commendations for delivering large-size mission critical programs and projects of excellent quality in very political and lean environments. innovative leader and very adept in agile strategic planning and analysis to optimize operations and push forward new business initiatives through a winning collaborative approach. highlights management information systems project development and lifecycle process improvement risk management natural leader quality assurance and control unsurpassed work ethic cost reduction and containment systems implementation experience january 2011 to current assistant information technology it director led the organization towards eligibility in the ehealth exchange information network which will allow the county providers to exchange patient information with other federal agencies non- federal organizations through a secure trusted and interoperable network. completed detailed survey of the county s privacy security confidentiality and information exchange policies as part of the onboarding process and execution of the data use and reciprocal agreement. facilitated the processing of the entrust subscriber agreement public certificates and keys documents. outcome upon submission of the application the ehealth exchange committee awarded the county immediately as eligible to participate in the
__label__ACCOUNTANT corporate accountant summary over corporate accountant summary over 15 years of increasingly responsible experience in general accounting budgeting and reporting fixed asset management project management payroll and income tax preparation and database administration. eager to acquire a position in a prestigious organization where i actively participate in their enhancement and my education professional experience and skills become a positive feature to the company. capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. highlights spc4 -b co. 192nd support battalion 76p10 - logistics experience 1989-1992 acquaintance on sage banner financial infoview sap r3 sap business 1 fas 500 quickbooks labor trak ceridian paychex and adp payroll systems mapics syteline-manufacturing vertex taxes outlook word excel power point lync and pro-series software. analytical reasoning account reconciliation expert budget forecasting expertise general ledger accounting iso9001 qmm auditor crosby certify and knowledge of the full spectrum leadership imperatives skills accomplishments erp implementations adp payroll sage fas fixed assets syteline manufacturing experience corporate accountant jan 2011 to jun 2015 implemented fixed assets internal controls create depreciation schedules files and monitor capital expenditures to ensure all projects are completed within budget and in the time frame stipulated. accountable for fixed
__label__ENGINEERING engineering project manager summary engineering project manager summary seeking long term employment where my experience expertise and education can be used to satisfy the needs of the as well as provide opportunity for personal development and career advancement. project coordination is my strongest point and i accept any challenges that i encounter to get the job done. i offer no less than one hundred percent commitment to my employer co-workers and my work. i am definitely a team player but work well on my own with no supervision. i will bring to your loyalty dedication and great work ethics. highlights effective verbal and written communication and meeting facilitation skills proactive and adaptable self-starter self motivated ability to prioritize and complete multiple tasks with little supervision punctual extroverted personality willing and available to work outside normal business including weekends to meet project deadlines proficiency in microsoft office word excel outlook knowledge in microsoft office access powerpoint minor accounting experience 11/2005 to 07/2008 engineering project manager planned directed and managed designated projects ensured that objectives were accompanied in accordance with outlined priorities analyzed results of operations to discover more efficient ways to utilize resources skilled in securing federal and local regulatory land-use approvals including construction permits
__label__TEACHER teacher summary kind and teacher summary kind and compassionate elementary and middle school teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students. experience 02/2016 to current teacher 5th grade stem k 1st 2nd 3rd grade horizon science library grades pre-k - observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress. implemented a variety of teaching methods such as discussions and demonstrations. utilized technology during lessons e.g.smartboard to create interactive learning experiences and target visual learners. set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal responsibility. kept student motivated focused and excited to learn by utilizing hands-on activities that relate to real-world experiences. scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children s academic performance. established positive relationships with students parents fellow teachers and school administrators. collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement. created lesson plans in accordance with common core and science scope and sequence standards. differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level. established clear objectives for all lessons units and projects. created hands on activities for students to gain a better understanding of the lesson and teaching point. provided small
__label__HR hr services representative summary hr services representative summary a multi-skilled professional with good all-round hr imformatory skills. very capable with an ability deal with all the recruitment/processing needs of the organization. experienced in providing timely and up to date hr advice to both managers and employees whilst at the same time making sure both the employee and employers interests are best represented. key skills excellent telephone manner and high standard of communication skills. able to deal with highly confidential matters professionally discreetly. strong communicative interpersonal team-building and leadership highly developed written verbal and presentation skills good computer skills with an excellent knowledge of microsoft word and excel possess a proactive positive and confident attitude professionals in human resources association recruiting and selection techniques experience 10/2012 to current hr services representative dealing with all of the recruitment needs employment issues of the company. ensuring the timely recruitment of new employees into the business from the initial job offer being made through to their induction into the including offer letters and contracts etc. duties process the enrollment of new recruits contacted all job applicants to inform them of their application status. thoroughly explained the employee handbook during new employee orientations. process all requests for enrollment updates
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS director of public relations director of public relations / associate artist summary creative administrator and public relations coordinator offering administrative experience in both corporate and non-profit office environments. dedicated and focused adept at completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. highlights mastery of microsoft office programs word excel meticulous attention to detail windows mac osx. business writing strong interpersonal skills understands grammar proofreading billing and coding proficiency in outlook tessitura cision gorkana constant contact software. self-directed professional and mature resourceful meeting planning report writing schedule management experience director of public relations / associate artist oct 2013 to current handled all media and public relations inquiries. extensive research and outreach to cultivate media connections. contacting media outlets pitching interviews with and cast members. writing and editing of press releases and promotional materials for productions. account coordinator / executive assistant oct 2013 to oct 2013 assistant to senior executive vice president marcia horowitz focus on crisis management extensive research and reporting - collecting daily media hits for clients and organizing them into reports easily managed busy phone and email traffic coordinated travel arrangements and expense billing for ms. horowitz arranged both in-house and off-site meetings as well as catering if needed. keeping
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY business systems analyst i business systems analyst i qualifications technical skills business applications sap web intelligence informatica data explorer ms visio ms project rational rose business objects languages sql uml c c++ core java perl web development html xml php operating systems windows xp/vista/7 linux databases netezza ms sql server 2005/2008 oracle 9i/10g accomplishments organized workshops for sql server 2005 during the technical fest at mumbai university active member of student council of asian students at university of maryland. interface with the client and multi-disciplinary teams within merkle business intelligence information technology database and data warehouse developers to support the solution delivery process work closely with clients to understand their marketing goals design their marketing databases facilitate optimum segmentation and provide platforms and reports to measure their marketing roi. involved in designing and rolling out global marketing databases north america europe and middle east latin america and thus well versed with customer data integration and international data hygiene and standardization concepts. enable the client to generate reports for measuring roi effective channels successful campaigns and optimum segments trend analysis etc using tools like business objects sound understanding of a projects life cycle from demand generation to understanding the customer requirement and converting it into
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary professional dedicated consultant summary professional dedicated hard worker. over 10 years of customer service experience. self-motivated inside sales representative with excellent verbal and written communication skills and strong computer and crm experience. customer service professional dedicated to effective team management and customer satisfaction. management professional effective at building highly- motivated teams as well as leading cross functional teams in a fast-paced environment. enthusiastic resourceful high school graduate with academic and professional background. ability to establish priorities and meet challenges head-on. strong project management skills. organized independent worker with strong time-management skills. excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. skill highlights adobe proficient windows xp proficiency windows 7 expertise proficient in ms office crm expertise dealersocket proficiency l inventory control procedures employee scheduling cash handling accuracy strong communication skills superb sales professional excellent multi-tasker time management professional experience consultant june 2015 to september 2015 - help customers select products that best fit their needs. complete customer order s professionally on time. advise customers of services product of the month. inform customer of knowledge on survey and pack plus services . pack and ship customer packages. sales february 2015 to june 2015 - maintained accuracy in calculation discounts interest and commissions. assist
__label__CONSULTANT media consultant professional summary media consultant professional summary film media public speaking communications production editing staff management summary of qualifications award-winning multi-media professional with 14+ years of wide-ranging experience in film television and video production. self-motivated and highly reliable work well both independently and as part of a team. proven ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines. tactful and diplomatic able to build and develop small and large creative and technical teams. sophisticated communication skills with strong troubleshooting capabilities collaborate well with managers and external partners to effectively develop teams and organize workflows from pre- to post-production. seeking an opportunity to leverage my diverse skills and contribute to the success of creative teams. skills ms word excel outlook powerpoint internet and social media savvy editing final cut seven avid adobe premiere production scheduling budgeting script review breakdowns movie magic administrative scheduling adobe premiere script arabic staffing avid stories budgeting time content management clients video delivery video production documentation videography editing workflow fluent in english film french fundraising hebrew invoicing director magic marketing media production excel outlook powerpoint ms word negotiations communicator camera photography presentations pricing processes public relations public speaking speaking read work history 01/2017 to current as a partner in a videography and
__label__HR hr specialist summary energetic hr specialist summary energetic administrative assistant with 30+ years experience in high-level executive support roles. organized and professional. dedicated and focused who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. adept at managing multiple projects with ease using expert time management methods. highlights administration/ accounting/hr. administration / office support purchasing inventory po/pr accounting/hr payroll - billing - collection sales management / marketing / real estate / leasing commercial technical translations customer service certified strong organizational verbal and written communication skills. analytical problem solving skills ability to manage priorities and work flow. independent self-learner . creative dedicated flexible reliable detail oriented and innovative team player. proficient in microsoft words excel as400 outlook. accomplishments developed and implemented a new procedure in accounting by creating a spreadsheet for open balances collection and follow through weekly. helped in the reduction of 30 in the cost of unpaid balances. experience hr specialist june 2014 to june 2014 coordinated regular and temporary interviews for line management. conducted reference check vetting on potential candidates. interacted with potential employees notifying them on application status and necessary information to complete application process. assisted various departmental
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary media planner consultant summary media planner and media buyer roles handled in the adverstising industry with a total work experience of 4+ years. excellent knowledge in the media agency analytical tools like tam television audience measurement irs indian readership survey tgi target group index and google analytics. excellent knowledge in microsoft excel powerpoint outlook project and visio. have used the tools at work place and academic front prudently. basic and working knowledge in sql structured query language core java html sap mm module worked on operating systems like windows 7 windows vista windows xp and apple os x. strong interpersonal skills leadership skills listening skills quick learner and team player. have a delightful and enlightening experience in working with top clients in fmcg automobile retail e-commerce etc. attended several conferences and training programs with seniors. highest qualification is mba in international business with dual specialization in marketing and finance. currently pursuing masters in management information systems in the us. looking forward to switch industry from marketing to technological field focused on database side preferebly. highlights java web technologies html css databases mysql database tools sql analytical and data retrieving tools google analytics tam tgi ram irs operating systems windows 7 windows vista
__label__APPAREL route manager summary to route manager summary to obtaining a position in a that will allow me to better use my skills and knowledge to advance the performance and profitability of that company. goal oriented self-motivated with twenty years of experience as a supervisor/manager of personnel products and budgets. driven to tackle projects that advance the organization and build collaboration/teamwork among peers and subordinates. leader of the consistently number one ranked office for the mastec money sales program. major strengthens include demonstrated track record of honesty integrity and loyalty sound leadership excellent communication skills strong team player advocate of self-efficacy attention to detail highly organized proficient planner. highlights operations management inventory control supervision and training procedure development analytical team building multi-site operations staff retention sound judgment calm under pressure relationship building systems implementation troubleshooting and problem solving dedicated client relationships contract management accomplishments leadership served as a regional trainer when c ontinuous i mprovement m anagement s ystem was introduced to the company. business development successfully grew business by action . project management initiated project which resulted in positive outcome . experience route manager january 2002 built a steady repeat customer base by providing a quality product and exceptional customer service. maintained inventory levels
__label__HR field hr associate summary field hr associate summary reliable hr field associate with a master s of science in human resource management emphasis as a generalist. passionate and motivated with a drive for excellence. handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency. skills verbal and written communication skills time management and organization skills powerpoint presentations flexible recruiting investigation training employee engagement ability to develop and execute recruitment strategies analyze data and recommend opportunities for improvement experience in preparing for audits assisted in the hiring process by screening resumes-select interview process certified via fedex ground demonstrated ability to interact effectively with employees. ability to anticipate and identify problems and use sound judgment and fact based analysis to develop effective and efficient solutions. software skills including use of microsoft office software and web-based applications. ability to work day evening and overnight hours as business needs dictate. i am sending my resume to apply for the position of hr generalist at accruepartners which was posted on linkedin by mr. luther hardings. as you can see in my resume i possess over 6 years of experience working as an hr professional at two renowned companies in the us which according to your job requirements are two most important points. my
__label__CHEF executive chef summary executive executive chef summary executive chef with a two year culinary degree and one year experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. highlights combat life saver course camp parks ca 11/29/2007 department of defense certified mediator course fort riley ks 05/25/2007 contractor representative course fort gillem ga 01/12/2007 department of the army inspector general course fort belvoir va 09/30/2005 advanced non-commissioned officers course us army fort leonard wood mo 06/28/2005 small group instructor training course us army nco academy fort dix nj 11/22/2002 observer controller trainer course camp shelby ms. 09/27/2002 drill sergeant school us army nco academy fort leonard wood mo 10/12/1995 marine corp non-resident leadership course fort leonard wood mo 02/17/1995 instructor training course us army fort knox ky 04/15/1994 high volume production capability focus on portion and cost control focused and disciplined inventory management familiarity accomplishments finalist in the downtown meridian earth bounty chopped completion contest. two time president s list for honor recognition successfully managed a kitchen staff of 12 employees during high volume. breakfast lunch and dinner services for
__label__SALES sales consultant summary a sales consultant summary a current sophomore majoring in sociology whom enjoys working and interacting with people. technologically savvy a quick learner and a strong work ethic ensures great leadership as well as a great team member. always willing to put best effort into work to accomplish goals with a friendly and positive attitude that contributes to a pleasant work environment. experience sales consultant 07/2017 to 08/2017 processed customer payments with an uplifting and friendly attitude. addressed and eliminated customer issues as well as ensured a welcoming and clean environment assisted customers with purchases to fulfill targeted goals facilitator 07/2017 facilitated conversations about native american history and identity. served as a college mentor and advisor for native american high school students. interacted and built relationships with students in week-long programs at various reservations. intern 06/2015 to 12/2015 educated several native communities on healthcare benefits. cooperated with fellow interns at community-based events to create and execute goals. approached and interacted with individuals to discuss healthcare options. education high school diploma 2016 tse yi gai high school united states certifications valedictorian extracurricular involvement student council peer helper honor society athletics native american club recipient of national college prep scholar quest bridge columbia university
__label__ENGINEERING lighting field engineering technician lighting field engineering technician summary engineering technician with an impressive blend of technical expertise and people skills. committed to providing quality and consistent technical support. highlights excellent communication techniques autocad expert microsoft excel project and visio advanced critical thinking accomplishments autocad software utilization produced drawings and maintained archived and retrieved cad files and drawing documents for the completion of multiple commercial projects. project management supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to standards on time and within budget constraints. experience lighting field engineering technician 10/2014 to 01/2016 supports tampa electric s lighting system construction and maintenance projects. designs the most electrically efficient and cost effective outdoor lighting systems for new and existing residential and commercial customers. designs the expansion relocation or maintenance of existing distribution facilities required to serve the outdoor lighting system. serves as the main point of contact to customers governmental agencies tec departments and contractors. processes work requests in tec s work management system wms determines customer requirements completes designs and distribution map maintenance in tec s geographical interface system gis calculates estimates obtains necessary work permits and coordinates activities with tec departments and contractors to ensure in the successful scheduling and completion of projects.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations and event public relations and event planning assistant highlights journalism student with strong written and verbal communication skills. motivated self-starter with experience in public relations writing and event planning. summary of qualifications cooperative team member special events planning multi-media marketing writing and editing skills microsoft office excel powerpoint proficiency experience public relations and event planning assistant may 2015 to august 2015 wrote press releases and media advisories prepared information for media kits and maintained website and social media outlets. managed special events such as tournaments book signings and parties. coordinated services for events such as entertainment signage printing event security and secured vendors and sponsorships. vice president november 2014 to current manage all social media outlets including twitter instagram and facebook. create events for professional development within a team of six journalism students. develop strategies for acquiring and maintaining membership. coordinator of internal marketing december 2013 to september 2014 managed inbound marketing campaigns to increase brand awareness and generate new business. planned and negotiated media buys including tv print and digital. contributed to the planning and execution of an event with more than 8 000 attendees. education bachelor of arts journalism public relations august 2012 indiana university-purdue university indianapolis journalism public relations
__label__CONSULTANT consultant highlights technology skills consultant highlights technology skills visual basic html javascript sql xml python mvc filemaker php advanced excel sitecatalyst core competencies problem solving relational databases process reengineering customer relations staff management startups transitional environments systems integration data migration reporting automation accomplishments received sales achievement award for attaining 163 billable hours target with 5/5 customer satisfaction rating experience consultant 01/2010 to current publicly traded adbe digital technology specializing in content creation and online analytics annual sales of 4.4 billion support simultaneous client consulting engagements by performing product implementations technical problem solving and ad hoc client requests for fortune 500 companies such as home depot disney and rei. promoted internally to a non-billable position needed to retain and rebuild relationships with dissatisfied clients in the us and emea through problem resolution both distant and in-person. participated in product integration team as the product expert for sitecatalyst and searchcenter during acquisition integrations. received sales achievement award for attaining 163 billable hours target with 5/5 customer satisfaction rating designed and coded custom tools for automating and improving client campaign creation management and deployment resulting in an average 60 increase in campaign management efficiency per client increased services revenue by 15 from clients such as home depot
__label__CONSULTANT pavithra shetty summary customer-oriented pavithra shetty summary customer-oriented principal consultant knowledgeable about developing and implementing successful business solutions that drive productivity and growth. offering expertise in sql data visualization scripting language and more than 6 years of experience in the software industry. experience principal consultant june 2018 - current design develop test and document business intelligence reports gather business needs to develop interactive dashboards and bi reports. work with data warehouse and other data sources to get data for data visualization using business intelligence tool. write sql queries and stored procedures to pull data to visualization tool. modeling the data to efficiently pull the data for visualization design dashboard and provide insights to management and departments to make data driven decisions. embed bi reports to customer application using .net framework javascript. which uses web apis to access bi reports. create and peer review sql queries for ad hoc data reporting. managed junior developer by delivering consistent coaching and constructive feedback. design develop test and document sql queries stored procedures .net codes in order to maintain and add features to student information system. communicate with clients to gather requirement for new data collection or for change request. design a data model and web interface for
__label__CHEF chef summary experienced catering chef summary experienced catering chef skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. highly skilled in international cuisine. seeking a position at a restaurant where i can call it home experience chef may 2009 to current manage daily kitchen operations including inventory purchasing and scheduling ensure proper food handling methods are observed assist kitchen staff in producing food for catering systematically control food quality and costs develop new menu items to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals. catering chef jun 2000 to may 2009 effectively managed and produced food for catered events enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality conducted daily inventory and ordering assisted catering staff in setup and delivery managed catering schedule and logistics. line cook jan 1990 to jun 2000 set up and prep work for all food items. prepared various daily lunch special items. assisted in producing food for catered events. conducted daily food inventory and ordering. skills delivery detail oriented english inventory inventory management logistics producing purchasing quality retail scheduling spanish work-flow
__label__ADVOCATE practicum experience summary nurse practicum experience summary nurse practitioner focused on providing quality care and maintaining direct lines of communication with patients and the entire health-care team. superb interpersonal and leadership skills and enjoys challenges and learning new concepts and skill sets. certifications registered nurse certified emergency nurse trauma nurse specialist basic life support advanced cardiac life support pediatric advanced life support highlights practicum hours include primary care pediatrics women s heath and urgent care practicum residency to be completed in orthopedics preceptor coach in the emergency department emergency department interim charge nurse skills i am confident in my ability to navigate computers communicate effectively value teamwork respect all members of the healthcare team value all walks of life build strong relationships listen intently clarify uncertainties and educate thoroughly. i am growing in my ability to practice confidently formulate differentials and build a suitable plan of care accordingly. professional experience practicum experience aug 2014 to sep 2016 enhanced physical assessment skills to identify normal normal variant and pathologic findings. proficiencied differential diagnoses to determine the most likely diagnosis based on assessment and findings. engaged in patient assessment diagnosis and treatment in a family practice setting. prepared patients for expectations of medications therapies and desired
__label__ENGINEERING engineering project manager iii engineering project manager iii summary results-focused safety conscientious team leader/player with more than 15 years of successful experience in the aviation industry as field engineer maintenance support engineer a p mechanic and avionics technician on various types of rotary and fixed wing aircraft. experienced in all phases of commercial and military aviation maintenance aviation business engineering logistics support and supply. analytical troubleshooting skills project management quality control maintenance management logistics electronic mechanical technology program management quality assurance/control safety compliance risk management change control processes skills electronic mechanical technology maintenance management project management program management lean/six sigma principles mechanical component troubleshooting quality assurance/control material management staff development/leadership technical interface safety compliance microsoft office microsoft project microsoft access sap sharepoint experience 02/2018 to current engineering project manager iii performs a variety of duties associated with the development and revision of aircraft maintenance work instruction cards. utilize an automated publishing system to author certain work instruction cards. supervises the initiation and maintenance of project files ensures effective technical coordination with customer representatives and as such participates to good communication with customers ensures that engineering activity is compliant with project milestones. alerts project management in case of unforeseen variation and suggests if needed mitigation
__label__FITNESS store manager career overview store manager career overview highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 19 years client interface experience. i worked in customer service for a long time. face to face meetings as well as over the phone. core strengths job objective to work in the customer service industry and bring my 14 years of experience and my knowledge to help improve my skills as well as be one of the best in customer service in order to seek advancement. summary of qualifications to serve as a liaison for the customer in meeting all their questions and concerns excellent problem solving skills excellent typing skills excellent written and oral communication skills ms word microsoft excel real estate license bilingual - korean and english strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver courteous demeanor accomplishments customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. work experience store manager july 2006 to september 2013 i ran the day to day operations
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager experience information technology manager experience information technology manager april 2007 to current annual budget planning for department network administration implementation of new technology developed applications daily backups and technical support for 80 users. administration of security firewall spam firewall and web filter. vlan s and vpn setup and administration. windows server 2008 r2 administration microsoft active directory administration with 100 pcs on windows 7 and windows xp. microsoft dfs dhcp dns and wsus services administration. ftp server implementation and administration. microsoft exchange server 2010 administration creation of new users distribution groups and daily backup. servers and desktop backup with symantec backupexec 2012. administration maintenance and daily backup for sybase sql anywhere 11.0 databases. administration of mac editing rooms on os x 10.8 - 10.9 with san storage apple xsan 30 tb array administration on promise vtrak ex10 series . software installation and setup for editing rooms with final cut adobe products cinema 4d etc hardware installation and configuration for video capture with aja kona and black magic video capture devices. inews news room management system wide orbit traffic sales and revenue software . knowledge of florical systems software for television automation omneon video server streambox mobile broadcast streaming video and some
__label__ADVOCATE customer service advocate summary customer service advocate summary detail-oriented administrative/ clerical support with extensive experience performing medical clerical duties and supporting 5 physicians in a busy medical office. expertise includes with excellent communication skills demonstrated by18 years of experience verifying insurance coverage records reviews and schedule maintenance. highlights results-oriented maintains strict confidentiality meticulous attention to detail excellent communication skills team player with positive attitude strong work ethics experience customer service advocate may 2014 to current provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries by medicare part b providers explain medicare part b claim denials and how to correct claim for payment. provide reference and resource material to providers and conduct research into some denials verify and confirm beneficiary eligibility in medicare part a and b. strictly followed all federal and guidelines for release of information. examined diagnosis codes for accuracy completeness specificity and appropriateness according to services rendered. customer service representative september 2013 to may 2014 addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. explaining current medicare d drug plan to members taking medication refill orders researching plan design copay structures and formulary change providing pleasant accurate customer service providing information regarding changes to medicare part d drug plan structures
__label__ENGINEERING mechanical engineering intern summary mechanical engineering intern summary mechanical engineer professional offering 25 years of progressive experience within a manufacturing setting. experienced project manager that negotiates prices for project created and implemented preventive/corrective maintenance strategies and completed projects before deadline and under budget. maintenance manager who prioritizes multiple tasks based upon risk and production needs and works well under pressure. broad industry experience includes military lrv trains and industrial manufacturing highlights proficient in solidworks facility and plant modifications root cause analysis time management skills project management cross-disciplinary collaboration strategic prioritization familiar with predictive maintenance techniques highlights auto-cad solid works failure analysis microsoft office military industrial settings navy ships programming trained/mentored junior personal and troubleshooting mechanical/electrical syst experience mechanical engineering intern 05/2013 to 08/2014 updated piping and instrumentation drawings in auto-cad performed failure analysis on process equipment and implemented new maintenance schedules accordingly. project manager for the following projects designed and implemented hvac zone installation for main office and foyer. installed new intralox thermodrive conveyor implemented projects to reduce water consumption designed and implemented new fire suppression system for oil recovery unit designed and implemented updating sizer production. mechanical engineering intern 05/2013 to 08/2013 designed diesel fuel tanks for 400 and 750 kw generators on
__label__CONSTRUCTION sr. estimator-bas construction sales sr. estimator-bas construction sales summary 9+ years of professional working experience in energy solution consulting and performance contracting hvac estimating designing in buildings industrial sector. experience of 3 years in project development presenting and managing the implementation of innovative energy business solutions. working knowledge in designing preparing energy solutions for large complex projects. total projects worked for fiscal year 2014 exceeds 30 million. excellent working relationships within the different business units. working knowledge of variable frequency drives plc systems and other automations used in industry. actively involved in networking chapter in boston area like national association of women in construction mass building congress american society for precision engineering obtain a challenging position that will allow me to utilize my educational attainment and professional experience in energy engineering project engineering building energy systems energy conservation renewable energy and energy management of residential commercial healthcare data center and industrial facilities. accomplishments awarded as most interactive person across all business units in india by schneider honeywell s bravo award for the successful commissioning of the alarm management suite at ipcl baroda or the first time in india energy management professional certified by schneider university framed out the processes and templates for new energy
__label__APPAREL cashier professional summary results-oriented cashier professional summary results-oriented strategic sales professional with two years in the retail industry. cashier who is highly energetic outgoing and detail-oriented. handles multiple responsibilities simultaneously while providing exceptional customer service. reliable and friendly team member who quickly learns and masters new concepts and skills. passionate about helping customers and creating a satisfying shopping experience. core qualifications cash handling accuracy mathematical aptitude organized time management detail-oriented excellent multi-tasker strong communication skills flexible schedule proficient in ms office experience cashier october 2014 to current receive payment by cash check credit cards vouchers or automatic debits. issue receipts refunds credits or change due to customers. assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints. establish or identify prices of goods services or admission and tabulate bills using calculators cash registers or optical price scanners. greet customers entering establishments. answer customers questions and provide information on procedures or policies. process merchandise returns and exchanges. maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans. stock shelves and mark prices on shelves and items. count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary driven graphic designer summary driven graphic artist adept at managing heavy workloads while focusing on designing creative visually-appealing graphics. focused extremely organized and comfortable working in fast-paced deadline-driven environments. expert in preflighting and optimizing artwork for high-quality print-ready files. skilled in a variety of designs logos and marketing packages while always keeping up with the latest design trends and the latest technology. accustomed to surpassing expectations in deadline-driven environments and always open to criticism with an attitude that every idea will lead to greater bigger ideas. technical skills and qualifications adobe creative suite adobe indesign adobe illustrator adobe photoshop adobe acrobat quarkxpress dreamweaver html coding css microsoft office suite promotional materials extensive direct-mail experience relevant skills self-motivated sense-of-humor conceptual thinker attention-to-detail strong design sense resourceful researcher advanced typography knowledge leadership skills friendly attitude professional behavior expert juggling skills creative and artistic resourceful researcher quick learner time management experience 07/2012 to 10/2015 graphic designer - prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates and design standards. designed unique print materials including advertisements brochures and logo designs. designed web pages graphic elements and infographics for email newsletters. 05/2009 to 02/2015 graphic designer - designed unique print materials including advertisements brochures and logo
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development professional experience director of business development january 2010 to current advise on marketing strategy business models and strategic alliances for private clients in education scientific and healthcare verticals. recent projects include the american chemical society - developed business plan marketing strategy and media relations for global launch of 1m research management software product in competitive stm marketplace. college factual.com - advice on brand positioning ux and strategic relationships for college rankings portal based on consumer value led to partnerships with the wounded warrior project and veterans affairs. global giving - developed key marketing messages and brand stories for 23m international non-profit. developed marketing strategy and business opportunities for environmental nonprofit focused on transforming the market for healthy building materials. product development pricing. monetized specialized consulting services to prominent clientele including leading healthcare green building and commercial building owners. surveyed marketplace to identify service value and competitive pricing which yielded increased revenue. market segmentation. repositioned healthy materials database for with toxicity screens for 34 000 chemicals targeted at green building product environment. segmented product users to understand product challenges and opportunities. vice president business development january 2009 to january 2010 led cross platform revenue initiatives for dominant
__label__AVIATION pest control tech summary pest control tech summary seeking a position with a warehouse where i can use my experience as a forklift driver in order to maintain inventories in a good clean environment and to become an asset to your company. more than ten years experience. experienced forklift operator able to receive cargo into packing area report any overage shortage and damages from that delivery to the appropriate agents or supervisors and follow packing instructions as indicated by paperwork. experience working with lots of different materials. ability to implement and perform pm s for planned maintenance programs. excellent ability to use hand and power tools applicable to the trade. ability to read understand and follow safety procedures. demonstrated ability to follow oral or written instructions. able and capable of lifting 100lbs can withstand extreme hot and cold conditions. capable of prolonged physical effort fast problem solver ability to respect deadlines and to efficiently interrelate with other workers of the department. highlights shipping and receiving safety-oriented production scheduling results-oriented exceptional problem solver manufacturing background safety orientation training packing and scanning orders multi-tasker safety-conscious customer-service focused strong communication skills natural leader valid la driver s license determined basic math skills lifts up to 100 pounds
__label__FINANCE director of finance skills director of finance skills leadership/communication skills business operations organization budgeting expertise administrative skills account management project management product development client account management self-motivated customer-oriented work history experience director of finance jan 2017 to current i am responsible for the direction of the finance division of hsc shared services. i currently supervise a team of three supervisors and six accountants. unit business manager - intermediate oct 2011 to feb 2017 responsible for managing the business operations of the department coordinating the flow of information within the office facility cores and throughout the membership. acted as office manager coordinating the work of secretarial and clerical support staff and liaison with other university departments including personnel affirmative action payroll purchasing and physical plant. maintained expenditures prepared financial records operating budgets and approved payments. i interviewed hired trained and directed clerical support staff. i worked directly in the development of grant and contract proposals. unit business manager apr 2010 to sep 2010 i processed payroll records maintained employee leave records entered purchase requisitions for equipment and supplies and reallocated procurement card expenditures. i arranged travel itineraries for the center director as well as for guest speakers internal and external advisory board members and small
__label__BANKING marketing sales analyst summary marketing sales analyst summary a result oriented marketing sales analyst with 10 years of industry experience in the staffing internet / ecommerce / dotcom media / publishing domain with expertise in business process improvement business process flow documentation data analysis. experienced with and proficient in microsoft office excel word powerpoint outlook tools salesforce microsoft dynamics nav - navision for sales tracking. experience marketing sales analyst 07/2015 to current a healthcare referral services national provider of staffing solutions in behavioral social service education psychiatry mental health and addictions treatment fields . primary duties include reports and collaborates directly with the president to promote a culture of high performance and continuous growth by supporting all research and evaluation of new products services and proposed logical solutions. manage vendors to maintain and grow strong relationships by overseeing rates/pricing contracts and resources provided corporate executives with data to support new business development. facilitated collection of qualitative and quantitative data to assess current processes benchmark against best practice metrics and quantify improvement opportunities. leveraged requirement gathering skills analytics and general knowledge of business operations to drive project direction. documented and reviewed sops work plans and other deliverables to gauge project performance and client satisfaction. created
__label__SALES sales associate summary motivated sales associate summary motivated sales associate with 3+ years of sales and customer service experience. currently enrolled in suffolk county community college studying culinary. experience 03/2016 to 10/2016 sales associate interact with customers. work the register. answer calls. 10/2014 to 03/2016 sales associate/smoothie maker interact with customers. organize inventory. work the register. 09/2013 to 09/2014 sales associate organize shelves and racks/inventory. work the register. answer calls. interact with customers. education 2015 high school diploma high school suffolk county community college skills - good at communicating and interacting with customers - good time management - self-motivation - good adaptability
__label__CONSTRUCTION director of facilities and director of facilities and construction executive profile as a mechanical engineer i find it tremendously rewarding to problem-solve and build a legacy for high-end residential construction and commercial endeavors. it s exciting to work with other business owners who have a great vision and want to build a structure around those dreams. this is my business plan with honesty creativity good teams and hard work we can help put a structure to your imagination. with over 15 years experience in all phases of facilities design construction and maintenance my work incorporates engineering a univ. of florida mba and a general contractor s license. as a seasoned professional in attraction design construction operation and maintenance including blue sky inception concept implementation performa budgeting and a e design my business plan has evolved to a fun place. thinking from big picture to details matriculates to successful effective communications with many styles of clients and employees e.g. board members business owners senior executives and county officials religious leaders peers and direct reports. if you find you are in need of construction services give us a call and we would love to help you build your legacy. skill highlights academically educated residential builds residential
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY staff assistant professional summary staff assistant professional summary highly organized and detail-oriented staff assistant with more than 14 years experience supplying thorough organized administrative support to10+ senior executives. skills 75 wpm typing speed excellent communication skills articulate and well-spoken accurate and detailed advanced clerical knowledge hipaa compliance advanced clerical knowledge works well under pressure work history staff assistant 08/2007 to current currently working at the office of information technology. responsible for providing support to richard biever ciso and his staff. primary duties include calendaring and scheduling responsibilities using dcal lotus notes or shared calendaring systems including scheduling multiple complex meetings in separate calendaring products for various staff members concurrently telephone screening/triage which involves interviewing callers answering questions concerning departmental or divisional activities transmitting instructions and/or information to and from staff members making proper referrals as necessary preparing materials and making arrangements for conferences and travel including preparing travel expense summaries and reconciliations preparing necessary documents for supervisor s use in meetings attending meetings to take minutes coordinating monthly staff leave reports clearing procurement cards receipts in paris serving as liaison with external vendors and oit constituents support audio/visual capable conferences and meetings by training users and providing assistance with a/v electronics operation. backup duties
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant executive profile capable accountant executive profile capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. team-oriented who prepares clear comprehensive financial reports for executive-level management. dynamic and highly qualified with extensive knowledge of accounting principles. professional value offered researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed. operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. knowledge of double-entry accounting method and cash-basis accounting method. skills analytical reasoning budget forecasting expertise account reconciliation expert financial planner effective time management advanced computer proficiency pc and mac strong organizational skills excellent managerial techniques work experience 04/2017 to current accountant performed debit credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases using specialized accounting software. performed field audits on wide variety of clientele using quick books system. received recorded and banked cash checks and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions. completed monthly quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for more than two dozen companies. managed accounting operations accounting close account reporting and reconciliations. aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the gaap.
__label__TEACHER teacher skills e ducator teacher skills e ducator people skills enthusiasti c problem-solve r great organizational skills encouraging technology savvy eager to learn communicates great with colleagues and parents sets high and clear expectations for students eager to teach loves to teach students how to love to learn always looking for ways to grow as a person and educator education university of redlands 2008 elementary credentials education united states california baptist university 2006 bachelor of arts liberal arts united states teaching experience teacher long term substitute for fifth grade.hired as a probationary teacher and taught second grade for two years. became tenure and taught fifth grade for one year. trained as a trainer or trainees for the write institute. grade level lead for one year. promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.assisted 10 children per station during small group learning periods during system 44 instruction. conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs.helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons.communicated effectively with educators from various grade levels.supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.wrote daily and weekly lesson plans. tutored after and before school twice a
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology senior manager information technology senior manager summary 15+ years of leadership experience in information technology as an it director and consultant extensive strategic vendor management expertise vmo leadership expert in vendor selection process rfi rfp msa and sow and leader in contract negotiations senior project management leadership co-chairman of change management review board saved millions of dollars in vendor expenses through successfully implemented sourcing partnerships implemented and lead a business relationship management team accomplished it technologist with a strong business acumen including an mba degree successfully resolved complex business technical and operational issues specialist at presenting executive level technical business presentations vp/svp/cio highlights global and strategic sourcing negotiations expert vendor management project management vendor selection process it technical support cloud computing mba degree experience information technology senior manager april 2013 to february 2015 leading worldwide major manufacturer distributor and retailer of high quality vitamins supplements leadership role in the vendor selection process rfi/rfp/sow negotiated and contracted with selected technology vendors to optimize quality and minimize it costs successfully directed several major vendor sourcing projects of enterprise business critical applications oracle ebs suite draft negotiate and manage large complex vendor contracts measure vendor performance via scorecards sla s performance metrics system availability implement
__label__HR hr manager summary human hr manager summary human resources manager with practical understanding of businesve performance profitability growth and employee engagement. developing improving and managing hr strategies in benefits and compensation employee recruitment and development ethics and corporate social responsibility diversity safety and security and business strategy. worked with continuous improvement programs in connection to development of lean and six sigma strategy programs. highlights new employee orientation applicant tracking system onboarding payroll management includes timekeeper for kronos timekeeping system compensation and benefits performance management workers compensation general ledger accounting database management continuous improvement six sigma lean manufacturing business strategy experience 02/2016 to current hr clerk coordinate and oversea recruitment and orientation program support for other hr assigned special projects. coordinates and support for hiring of temporary hourly employees. 01/2012 to 01/2015 administrative coordinator coordinates oversees and performs a wide variety of administrative secretarial and program support activities. serves as primary point of operational and administrative contact for internal and external constituencies often on complex and confidential issues. participates in the coordination supervision and completion of special projects and/or events. one project included setup up of it service provider contract. hr duties included maintenance of employee records recruitment employee orientation and onboarding. 01/2010 to 01/2012
__label__BANKING marketing and corporate communications marketing and corporate communications merchant services transition communications project manager summary a results-oriented professional who cultivates strong and effective working relationships with internal and external partners to establish and achieve mutual communications objectives for advancement of s business strategy. highlights advanced microsoft office including visio ms project powerpoint and adobe creative suite sharepoint citrix live meeting and webex expertise advanced project management and implementation written verbal and interpersonal skills vendor and relationship management expertise communications and negotiation experience on-time goal achievements of 95 proficiency rate experience marketing and corporate communications/merchant services transition - communications project manager - contractor 05/2012 to current manage write and edit external client communications and content to meet transactional needs of multiple business merchants. also manage project risk through comprehensive mitigation assessment and planning techniques. initiate define and manage marketing campaigns across business channels for direct mail programs within a matrixed environment. actively manage the work efforts of multiple functional resources through the project plan. strong partner relationship management influencing collaboration and negotiating with senior business managers to gain commitment and accomplish shared goals. lead matrix process for cross-functional teams to develop and execute client communications for various groups of merchants as part of bank of
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS owner summary dynamic event owner summary dynamic event planner and communications professional looking for the anti-desk job. my main passions in life are travel food and creating events and experiences specifically around food. i have lived all over the us and in multiple countries. i have worked in multiple restaurants although it is not reflected on my resume. i would be happy to send a list of the places i ve worked. i spent six years working with chefs and authors in cookbook publishing world in nyc cooking with italian grandmothers iacp and ippy winner afield james beard nominated off the menu primal cuts made in america . i also worked for justfood.org under jessica gaffney former director of marketing on multiple events . i planned the butcher s guild conference in napa. i created a workshop in chicago called sustainable cities at a cooking school as part of the off the menu book tour. i have been responsible for garnering press and sponsorship/partnerships for cookbooks and events. highlights worked on multiple events related to cookbooks and food with justfood.org ark endeavors and thrillist/jack threads. accomplishments garnered extensive press for authors experts and products over the course of six years in the publishing and
__label__ENGINEERING regional engineering manager engineering regional engineering manager engineering director innovative solution-driven engineering director with over 25 years experience delivering high-profile its/scada projects for the transportation and water/waste water industries. expertise includes technical solution architecting and cost estimating mission critical its/scada system design and delivery disaster recovery planning technical program management and cross-team leadership. execution and results oriented individual with a passion for solving business problems with innovative cutting edge technology solutions that enable clients to achieve and exceed desired business outcomes. accomplishments technical manager with 90 + success rate delivering projects on time and under budget. proposed innovative solution that would allow client to consolidate mutliple operations centers and provide for seamless migration without service interruption which resulted in the being designation as the highly preferred supplier . maximized efficiency and ability to scale by industrializing sales and engineering delivery methodology and deliverables. originated and spear-headed product innovation ideas enabling the to differentiate itself in the its/scada market. expertise architecting best practice technical solutions technical program management qa/qm client management vendor management testing and commissioning planning and execution team leadership / c ross-team collaboration engineering cost estimating engineering resource management and forecasting process improvement professional experience regional engineering manager 01/2014 to current currently directing
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS director of public relations director of public relations executive profile centene marcom resources and development promotion and personnel across centene health plans implementation of statewide initiatives and specialty companies for various organizations design and printing oversight design community relations expertise review and revise collateral materials for including outreach event management various organizations and audiences healthcare education programming and ensure appropriateness of content implementation for various organizations readability and translation represented organizations to the public artwork management and served as point of contact collateral design using adobe suite or developed relationships with area work with external graphic design/print businesses to support community vendors events educational programs and fund- budget oversight and compliance raisers promotional products management resourceful team member who excels research management at building trustful relationships with business plan development members colleagues external compose news releases fact sheets organizations and key audiences letters to a variety of audiences including healthcare background as registered key influencers nurse with experience in snf assisted social media planning and living and adult day programs implementation using centene guidelines e-newsletter design/distribution mba daniel webster college organizational management nashua nh core accomplishments member business networking international bni rotary international chambers of commerce and business associations courses corporate compliance and ethics
__label__CHEF head chef professional summary head chef professional summary culinary professional seeking employment in a professional kitchen to utilize education and further experience. 4+ years rsquo experience dedicated and passionate worker determined to help contribute as a member of the culinary staff. experience head chef september 2014 to january 2016 developed menus took monthly inventory made weekly kitchen schedule responsible for all ordering. line cook may 2011 to september 2014 intern february 2011 to april 2011 worked as part of a team preparing ingredients and dishes to be served at a reputable restaurant. education associate of applied science degree culinary arts 04/2011 robert morris university ndash illinois culinary arts food service sanitation servsafe servsafe certification made the deans list on 4 separate occasions developed a 5-course beer pairing dinner with buckle down brewery robert morris university gpa gpa 3.87 student 3/2011-5/2011 assisted the associate dean of culinary arts in developing the menu for the university rsquo s restaurant eyrie. gpa 3.87 skills arts inventory
__label__BANKING mortgage banking default operations mortgage banking default operations specialist ii objective seeking a challenging position where i am able to utilize my customer service trouble shooting communication and problem solving skills towards growth and advancement within a prestigious company. experience february 2015 to current mortgage banking default operations specialist ii responds to internal inquiries from customer service specialists regarding issues such as missing documents ordering certain third party services and reviewing specialty flags facilitate the gathering of underwriting documents for both pre and post underwriting decision making responsible for conducting research on mortgage files currently in litigation present results to management with issues and potential risks identified receives decision/results from underwriting and qc review and process according to decision communicate effectively with borrowers attorney on status of the loss mitigation and/or liquidation assess and analyze trial plan and/or modification document detail and verify against modification portal pega thorough understanding of investor requirements and impact potential to loss mitigation and default foreclosure processes coordinate tactic initiatives to better streamline department processes procedures to present to senior management. may 2014 to current audio-visual technician responsible for setting and striking general session/meeting room exhibit labor including load-in out with install and dismantle audio video and/or lighting assist
__label__FINANCE senior finance assistant summary senior finance assistant summary to obtain a position where i can be an asset to the along with development of new skills. highlights 4 years experience with query access excel control d lotus notes oracle peoplesoft billing online system thrives under pressure excellent time management skills analytical customer-oriented basic understanding of quicken computer proficient critical thinking financial statement analysis accomplishments assisted in the centralization of accounting to the bloomington-normal corporate office. when multiple co-workers were out of the office i covered all of the pz01 forms that came into the mail box processing over 99 of them and keeping the team from falling behind on them for that day receiving an on the spot award for my accomplishment. i hold the record for the most premium fund account reviews to be done in 1 day on my team completing 16 reviews in 1 day while still maintaining a quality score of 97 . came up with multiple ideas to make processes on our team more efficient for example sometimes we would get questions about what review materials we have received and what we still need from agents and we would have to go pull the file and locate it in
__label__AVIATION customer service representative summary customer service representative summary to obtain a position that will enable me to use my organizational skills and ability to work with people in a stable environment that will lead to a lasting relationship. experience january 2014 to current phoenix aviation has provided me with an extensive knowledge of aviation amongst multiple product lines while remaining task oriented and working as a team member. i currently work with the agriculture commercial aircraft commercial airport and airline product lines. having knowledge of multiple product lines is an asset because i am able to assist multiple underwriters and underwriter assistants throughout the company. issue new business and renewal binders endorsements and any mid-term changes that may occur while maintaining monthly reports for the commercial and airline policies. assist brokers on a daily basis with a concerns or questions concerning policies certificates loss runs invoices and endorsements for agriculture commercial and airline products. familiar intranet and internet based systems that incorporate a paperless process. i have received numerous awards for going above and beyond for my manager and multiple underwriters. customer service representative february 2013 to january 2014 aig aerospace has provided me with the knowledge of aviation and ability to assist brokers
__label__CONSTRUCTION car salesman summary of car salesman summary of skills administration and management customer and personal service judgment and decision making negotiation sales and marketing building and construction operation and control professional experience car salesman february 2015 to may 2016 determine goods and services to be sold and set prices and credit terms based on forecasts of customer demand. locate select and procure merchandise for resale representing management in purchase negotiations. perform sales floor work such as greeting or assisting customers stocking shelves or taking inventory. construction worker march 2011 to current oversee activities directly related to making products or providing services. read plans instructions or specifications to determine work activities. load unload or identify building materials machinery or tools distributing them to the appropriate locations according to project plans or specifications. dig ditches or trenches backfill excavations or compact and level earth to grade specifications using picks shovels pneumatic tampers or rakes. mix pour or spread concrete using portable cement mixers. erect or dismantle scaffolding shoring braces traffic barricades ramps or other temporary structures. provide assistance to craft workers such as carpenters plasterers or masons. education bba operations and supply chain management university of central united states operations and quality management coursework member of
__label__DESIGNER instructional designer summary tamantha instructional designer summary tamantha uebele is a home health clinical analyst and instructional designer with over 28 years experience in home health and hospice and the epic home health application for 5 years. during an enterprise install for prohealth care tamantha served as business analyst principal trainer and application coordinator during an end-to-end implementation and system updates post go-live. she was into the build phase of a system upgrade when she went into consulting. as analyst consultant for providence health services she led a community connect home health implementation project involving discovery validation workflow design build and testing. at northwest community hospital she served as build analyst on the home health team where her experience involved validation workflow design build testing and clinical break-out sessions. at lahey health tamantha was instructional designer leading their home health agency s training environment build materials build and classroom instruction for an integrated implementation. she continued with go-live support nova review and testing with system updates. tamantha possesses expertise in designing building implementing and supporting the home health and hospice application as well as other applications used for home health s module to run successfully adt cadence. she has experience in an array of
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career focus to consultant career focus to obtain a position in the area of sap consulting utilizing my skills academic background and past work experience thus encouraging career advancement with growth of the organization. synopsis synopsis 7 years of professional experience with 5 yrs of experience as an sap consultant and 2 yrs in banking and financial analysis working with infosys limited sunnyvale ca usa as a sap consultant - sap fi/co since oct 2010 have been involved in 5 project implementations across various areas in the sap fi/co module prior work experience includes 2 years domain experience in banking and financial analysis at yes bank ltd. india goldman sachs india and ocwen financials india working in california usa since oct 2012 on a h1b work permit experience consultant 10/2010 to current 5 yrs client is a leading american multinational corporation headquartered in cupertino california that designs develops and sells consumer electronics mobile devices computer software online services and personal computers. roles and responsibilities working as a functional consultant in the sap fi/co module for the client. involved in 5 project implementations in the fi/co module and presently working as the module lead of a 40 member global fi/co support and maintenance team.
__label__TEACHER teacher summary applying for teacher summary applying for a teaching positionchildcare professional skilled at remaining calm under pressure while keeping the daycare setting light and playful. works hard to identify and address behavioral and educational issues.creative preschool teacher who supports all learning styles. implements the latest trends in the early childhood curriculum. extensive knowledge of developmental and behavior problems.childcare provider committed to offering a safe and loving environment for children and toddlers in which they can flourish. highlights daycare management professional positive and cheerful creative arts talent childcare management software programs basic clerical knowledge classroom management exceptional organizational skills training in food handling preparation head start program knowledge certified in early childhood education infant toddler and preschool curricula preschool educator accomplishments cared for and home schooled a child from infancy to fourth grade.worked with special needs children including those with learning disabilities mental challenges and physical impairments. consistently received positive feedback from parents. experience teacher june 2002 to december 2014 implementing lesson plans teacher strategies gold anecdotes caring for children and their safety tracking sheet. creation kingdom -130 technology drive. georgetown ky 40324 502-868-6764. read stories to the children and taught them painting drawing and crafts.employed a variety of materials for children to explore
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate summary compassionate patient advocate summary compassionate and professional crisis specialist who believes excellent people skills and open communication are essential functions of successful client advocacy. highlights exceptional organizational skills mediation government background proficient in nims and ics creative problem solver empathetic emergency response training natural leader excellent interpersonal skills accomplishments effectively manage caseloads of more than 50 clients at any given time with cardon outreach. promoted to case assistant after 4 months of employment with chippewa river industries received letter of recognition and letter of accomplishment from the mn doc warden for correctional excellence experience patient advocate november 2015 to current created and maintained all patient accounts in mpower and updated the hospital on any progression in obtaining medicaid coverage. educated patients about the different types of medicaid advocated for the patients on their behalf when working with the county to get medicaid coverage. managed a caseload up to 50-60 patients. maintained patient privacy and confidential patient information. case assistant/job and life skills coach july 2013 to november 2015 reported and documented relevant information as it pertained to the clients behaviors and their well being to the job developer and dvr. conducted comprehensive initial in-home and in-office vocational assessments prior to first
__label__FINANCE human resource/ finance analyst human resource/ finance analyst summary human resource professional seeking a challenging position that will allow me to grow professionally which requires me to utilize my strong educational organization and excellent interpersonal skills. highlights microsoft office suite peoplesoft outlook word excel power point publisher . experience human resource/ finance analyst june 2013 to current provide support to columbia university community by providing excellent customer service via telephone email and the self-service system. responsible for resolving customer/ employees problems related to human resources payroll labor accounting transactions data jacs and raps applications and finance. utilize a variety of systems such as peoplesoft hcm and other programs used throughout the university. answer calls in a professional matter resolving them directly or redirecting them to appropriate department. responsible of researching and resolving client request and logging all calls in a web incident form. follow-up with incidents not immediately resolved. work with hrpc payroll operations payroll labor accounting accounts payable vendor management and purchasing among other departments to resolve incidents recommend solutions and process any changes. serve as a resource for hrpc staff providing guidance and assistance when appropriate. provide accurate trending data representing the university factually and professionally. knowledgeable of columbia university s human
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant ii accomplishments military accountant ii accomplishments military training certificate 2005 pnc conversation deep dive into savings and investment training 2012 operational and soundness training 2013 employee of the month november at pnc bank 2011 employee of the quarter at pnc bank 2011 retail banking achievement award 2012 . nmls- nationwide mortgage licensing system 2013. supervision supervised team of two staff members. professional summary detail-oriented accountant with 5 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations. skills superior attention to detail invoice coding familiarity quickbooks expert self-motivated professional strong communication skills accounting operations professional cash flow analysis data trending knowledge advanced bookkeeping skills work history accountant ii 02/2017 to current responsible for preparing and posting entries for the daily posting packet. verifies and balances system originated interfaces and posts non-system generated transactions prepared from other sources. system originated interfaces refers to the credit union owned system as well as external systems such as shared branching and atm transaction networks. a monitor flow of credit union transactions from the various supporting systems into and out of the general ledger daily and identifies and resolves errors omissions and irregularities to provide accurate records for tfcu and its service organizations. calculates and posts month end
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary experienced staff accountant summary experienced accountant with more than 15 years of accounting and financial analysis experience. expertise in budgeting and economic analysis financial reporting and resource analysis/optimization. solid record of performance managing analytical studies key initiatives and high-profile performance improvement projects. technical expert and analyst on complex program issues. solid critical thinking problem-solving research and liaison skills. recognized for outstanding communication skills flexibility keen political savvy sense of humor and leadership abilities. areas of expertise accounting financial analysis program evaluation and management strategic and operations planning and streamlining operations management workforce analysis and manpower planning operational financial and compliance auditing profit/revenue analysis internal control reviews process improvement and simplification team and project leadership quantitative/qualitative analysis risk and feasibility assessment and management database management statistical analysis technical regulatory and best practices research skills lawson invision quickbooks ms word excel powerpoint lotus notes and meditech experience 01/2001 to 02/2011 staff accountant 40 hours/week analyzed financial reports and programs to resolve problems. formatted and prepare internal financial reports for various entities. monitored and researched significant revenue and budget variances including actual costs versus budgeted costs recommending alternative courses of action. resolved complex issues involving multiple aspects of financial management. reviewed policies and principles
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS vp marketing communications summary vp marketing communications summary marketing manager and writer offering a comprehensive background in the development and execution of strategic marketing communication plans across all platforms to drive customer acquisition and retention. highlights new customer acquisition brand development multi-media marketing crm management account management copywriting direct mail campaigns interactive marketing accomplishments increased sales up to 80 year over year for 118-store retail chain through email marketing campaigns. increased sales by 7 over baseline on average for national promotions. exceeded customer retention an average of 0.66 with return on investment of 11.6 . exceeded goals through teen driver safety program by r educing claim losses by 0.70 and increasing retention by 3.4 . best in show award insurance marketing communications association. national award of merit united states department of transportation u.s. coast guard. trademarks for branding from the united states patent and trademark office. experience vp marketing communications november 2015 develop marketing strategy and business plan for creative agency promoting ecological consciousness of the sea and supporting the coastal business community. manage all marketing and communication programs. cultivate business leads to expand market. create content and email marketing press releases and social media posts. research advocate march 2012 review grants proposals for
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary pc technician consultant summary pc technician security analyst and security services - identity management solutions-oriented with notable success in a broad range of corporate it initiatives while participating in planning and the implementation of policy and procedures set standards for reference and training. create and maintain procedures for end users and support staff to increase productivity and support for the end user. a track record of increasing responsibility in network security systems analysis and it development. works with it department staff and management to inform of processes and procedures and training as needed. clearly understands the importance of sla agreements and standards for all incidents and cases. skills microsoft windows operating systems windows nt 2000 xp vista and win7. iseries ifs iseries navigator ibm tivoli administration tools for windows server 2003-2008 networking tcp/ip sms wsus ethernet vpn secureid active directory users and computers hyena v.7.3 lotus notes lan manager sophos virus protection utilities websense norton lawson surveillix central station rsa authentication manager citrix remedy gwi help desk solutions unix reflection manager putty kana iq resource manager pc anywhere netop telnet. experience consultant 06/2012 to 07/2013 responsible for upgrading and replacing windows xp pc s to win7 os for a +3000 employee company.
__label__AVIATION senior manager of customer senior manager of customer support summary charismatic business professional successful at managing business ventures and profit positions. effectively guides new products and services from concept to market acceptance. e xperienced in sales management marketing technical presentation creation and service training. devoted to building strategic partnerships through persuasion negotiation and personal presence. highlights driven to succeed organization assessment leadership/management skills dependable time management flexible friendly personable persuasive enthusiastic team player new program and promotion implementation marketing savvy meticulous attention to detail focused on customer satisfaction excellent written and verbal communicator trade shows presentations accomplishments spearheaded all company-wide prospecting marketing and closing endeavors. brought on nasa and southwest airlines as clients. collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development. consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. experience 02/2016 to current senior manager of customer support perform all manager of customer support duties in addition to the following . meet with major airlines domestically and internationally to secure future business contracts. reserve travel including airline and hotel accommodations for my department. utilize leads to expand current customer base and follow up on all leads promptly via phone email and customer visits. 06/2013 to 01/2016 manager of
__label__HR hr customer service representative hr customer service representative summary excellent team player with legal background and abilities to interpret laws procedures policies and processes client-oriented results-driven and deadline-oriented with a high degree of initiative capable to undertake and resolve numerous and complex assignments with minimal supervision. outstanding inter-personal communication and customer service skills adept to organize plan and prioritize tasks with strong attention to details comfortable working in a fast-paced and multicultural environment. experienced in quantitative research and data analysis. highly proficient in microsoft suite world excel power point with working knowledge of the world bank group systems including people soft 9.1 sap and remedy. highlights hr policies and procedures expertise new employee orientations people-oriented organized staff training and development accomplishments -recognized as the top performer of the intake team successfully handled 4258 incoming calls which represents 25 of the total incoming calls for the fiscal year 2014 and 15 more of the average 10 incoming calls allocated to each intake team. resolved approximately 80 emails inquiries on a weekly basis within an average of 1.4 days which is 30 less than the 2 days service level agreement. experience 01/2002 hr customer service representative 11/2012 to current respond to inquiries about hr policies and
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate /clinical care patient advocate /clinical care coordinator career focus selling capital equipment computer hardware and software to corporate accounts. supporting management and staff in developing and maintaining market share through aggressive account sales growth. top 10 in the nation #1 in the region three years in a row. recognized as top performing sales and marketing specialty representative. analytical thinking and administrative skills leadership interpersonal skills communication skills self-motivation. ensure maximum coverage of all accounts within territory geographic areas to maintain optimum level of exposure and effective time management. medical device/healthcare sales experience. maximize corporate profit by achieving sales revenue targets and grow market share for a specified territory by promoting selling and servicing s products. increase sales and revenue by aggressively targeting and developing new accounts by using strategic account strategy and keen business insights. sale of injectable and oral medications. train appropriate medical staff on products. develop and implement plans to achieve/exceed sales goals. identify establish and maintain productive working relationships with key decision makers customers and their staff administrative staff complete office sales . summary of skills prospecting and cold calling team building expertise strategic account development strong interpersonal skills key account generation regional accounts sales force training business negotiation
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology coordinator professional information technology coordinator professional profile b.s. graduate with a record of success implementing it solutions. demonstrated commitment to quality and customer service detail oriented strong team player self motivated demonstrated exceptional analytical skills proven ability to work effectively and cross functionally with all levels of management with responsibilities increasing in scope. 9+ years of experience as client/server developer using transact sql pl sql classic asp asp.net html dhtml xml javascript using css layout and design principles. 7+ years of managing project timeliness accuracy approving high-level and detail designs as well as managing successful test plans. directed all stages of software development including requirements design coding testing and implementation of several wide intranet initiatives like ovations - an associate rewards and recognition program used by over 30 000 employees kronos tm workforce central - a time and attendance program for 13 000 non-exempts employees. several projects included the management of offsite vendor resources. experience using the following database management tools ms sql server 6.5 7 2000 and 2005 my sql and oracle 9i. proficient with ms windows ms office minitab business objects adobe cs3 web edition visual studio frontpage paintshop pro. experience information technology coordinator nov 2003 to current provide technical
__label__SALES sales associate experience 08/2014 sales associate experience 08/2014 to current sales associate greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. describe merchandise and explain use operation and care of merchandise to customers. compute sales prices total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment. maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. inventory stock and requisition new stock. ticket arrange and display merchandise to promote sales. 09/2013 to 07/2014 production intern developed and maintained overall production schedules. arranged rehearsal space audition space production meetings. identified and obtained property requirements for the production based on set design and production script. worked with production cast to encourage positive performance results. 07/2012 to 08/2012 fashion intern use traditional or digital cameras along with a variety of equipment such as tripods filters and flash attachments. scan photographs into computers for editing storage and electronic transmission. work closely with photographers fashion coordinators directors producers stylists make-up artists other models and clients to produce the desired looks and to finish photo shoots on schedule. visit textile showrooms to keep up-to-date on the latest fabrics. 09/2011 to 02/2012 museum intern describe tour points of interest to group members and respond to
__label__CHEF material logistics specialist career material logistics specialist career overview vacancy identification number vin 1192501 claims assistant intake specialist gs05/07. over 10 years of administration and logistics specialist experience. comprehensive knowledge and hands-on experience in all aspects of supply shipping/receiving customer service and safety management. specialized in organizing supplies records and accountability/inventory forms. skilled in logistics automation systems and data entry. created and presented administrative documents using microsoft power point excel and word. professional experience material logistics specialist april 2000 to current american airlines s phil simpson hanger 1 21st street p 972.425.3350 may contact dfw int l airport texas 75261 40 hrs/w 48 000/yr duties responsible for receiving requisitioning shipping warehousing storing dispersing and recording parts equipment and supplies. experience in inventory records keeping and machinery equipment operations. stores a wide variety of tools jigs fixtures equipment and materials and issues them upon request to authorized personnel upon receipt of replacement items or return of issued items checks against appropriate requisition form for discrepancies by such operations as counting items examining items visually and manually for defects or wear. corrects routine errors in forms and refers others to supervisor bins items in serviceable condition sort s non-serviceable items into salvage or scrap. bins according
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS administrative clerk/ public relations administrative clerk/ public relations manager summary recent biola university communication studies graduate with experience in hr/ training and development recruitment billing event planning and education. seeking opportunity to work in a collaborative environment to build professional experience. education bachelor of arts major rhetorical/interpersonal communication minor biblical studies may 2016 biola university communication classes tackled topics of large-scale interest and delve deep into providing legitimate arguments and proofs. studies resulted in honing of interpersonal and public communication skills as well being adaptive. learned to analyze human behavior asses work culture develop case studies research perform text analysis and more. averaged 18 unit course loads while being involved in a whole host of extra curricular clubs and events. resulting in preparation to enter any workplace. experience administrative clerk/ public relations manager 08/2016 to current manages an average of three hundred active members on a daily basis. actively engages in.... recruitment outreach trainings billing telephone inquiry incoming and outgoing. organizes medium scale events. assists all members and staff in logging sensitive information. works directly under business owner coaches and other staff members to develop strong interpersonal relationships with clients. youth leader 02/2016 to 03/2017 r esponsible for teaching an average of fifteen high
__label__AVIATION gunnery sergeant core qualifications gunnery sergeant core qualifications detail oriented budget planning windows proficient mac proficient active directory microsoft proficient leadership skills resource management experience gunnery sergeant january 1997 to january 2014 specialist administered designed installed maintained and repaired network data communication links and fiberoptic cabling. supported a myriad of computer and network operating systems and servers. provided direct hardware and software support installation/configuration support for over 5000 users computers laptop printers and peripherals. manage supervised and trained over 40 personnel at any given time during multiple work shifts in a constantly changing environment. implemented policies and directives to streamline and maximize productivity of all personnel. maintained windows and linux/unix hp-ux based servers performing data management backups and restore troubleshooting and preventative maintenance to ensure minimal downtime and increased productivity throughout entire organization. oversaw the successful completion of several windows platform migration workstation and server network administration design and installation utilizing fiber-optic tactical fiber-optic cabling and cat 5e cabling allowing for quick and efficient reorganization of it assets cisco and alcatel switch and router installation and administration adp trained responsible officer for all it assets in unit and responsible for maintaining an accurate inventory of over 3000 computers printers and peripherals. information assurance manager
__label__FITNESS mover summary extremely motivated mover summary extremely motivated and dependable laborer with years of extensive experience in general maintenance and construction tasks ranging from demolitions to site clearing and debris removal. proven physical stamina with a demonstrated ability to work without supervision. a fun and friendly individual who enjoy working collaboratively. experience 01/2016 - current mover warehouse/ mover. packing material equipment furniture from warehouse to businesses or residential areas throughout maryland and d.c. loading and unloading moving trucks vans or automobiles with hands and pallet jacks. installed protective bracing padding and strapping to prevent shifting and damage to items and furniture during transport. maneuvered trucks into loading positions following signals from loading crew and checking that vehicle and loading equipment are properly positioned. performed routine maintenance on vehicles and auxiliary equipment such as cleaning lubricating recharge batteries fueling or replacing liquefied gas tank. moved materials to construction zones and trucks using cards hand trucks and forklifts installed protective devices to prevent shifting or damage to transported items. performed pre trip for all trucks before leaving the yard daily check tire pressure and gauages. selected loaded moved and unloaded food supplies at the dock and adhered to osha standards to increase efficiencies and minimize reworks
__label__FINANCE an account cum finance an account cum finance manager summary i am team-oriented accountant prepares clear comprehensive financial reports for executive-level management.i did work as an account manager in india for private sector and also worked in financial sector only. right now i am looking for an entry level position based on my study in the united states. highlights from 1st march 2016 key skills familiar with a vast array of finance activities and management skills. knowledge of basic computer knowledge like ms office word and power point. accounts auditing general administration basic computer costing knowledge tally 7.2 9 and erp analytical reasoning financial statement analysis strength in regulatory reporting compliance testing knowledge understands foreign tax reporting budget forecasting expertise account reconciliation expert financial planner complex problem solving effective time management excellent managerial techniques general ledger accounting expert in customer relations superior research skills advanced computer proficiency pc and mac accomplishments accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. i also have a vast knowledge of taxation laws and policies. experience an account cum finance manager 05/2010
__label__HR hr specialist summary an hr specialist summary an human resources specialist with over 9 years in recruitment and federal employment processes. an energetic innovative out the box thinker who is a self-starter with excellent analytical organizational and project management skills. as an hr recruiter who communicates and collaborates effectively with all levels of personnel i rely on excellent interpersonal skills outstanding customer service and a solid expertise in human resources management. i possess an e xtensive background in hr recruitment and staffing affairs including experience in position management hr internship program development and management pathways presidential management fellows employee onboarding orientation hr policies regulations and legal compliance. demonstrated success in managing hr programs developing teambuilding programs and writing standard operating procedures hiring authorities and policies job descriptions and management reports. skills hr advisory services strategic recruitment planning hr policies procedures staff recruitment retention hr program/project management orientation onboarding performance management delegated examining classification and position management special emphasis programs ms office word excel powerpoint access outlook excellent interpersonal and coaching skills recruiting and selection techniques proficient communicator talent assessments leadership development delegated examining social media management and recruitment experience hr specialist 12/2016 to current provide hr advisory services within the office of inspector general
__label__ARTS am- replenishment stocker summary am- replenishment stocker summary adaptable job title with extensive experience in material handling inspections and shipping and receiving. focused on continual process improvement d etail-oriented job title highly efficient in operations. highlights effective multitasking quality control inventory control procedures strong communication skills proficient in lunix systems knowledge of iso 9000 and kaizen ms office proficient osha certified accomplishments planned directed coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements. ensured freshness of food and ingredients by checking for quality keeping track of old and new items and rotating stock. performed all transactions in a cordial efficient and professional manner. experience september 2015 to june 2016 am- replenishment stocker answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. kept the showroom clean and maintained neat orderly product displays. unloaded picked staged and loaded products for shipping. resolved service issues in a timely manner including coordinating and processing returns. rotated stock by code and receiving date. maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store. june 2007 to december 2008 communications technician performed basic fcc proof of performance tests including test point and 24 tests as well as responded to and repaired service interruptions and signal degradation
__label__CONSULTANT consultant experience consultant january consultant experience consultant january 2012 provided programmatic and operational support for audit readiness engagement with the defense logistics agency. designed and implemented sops for on-boarding security process for 150 new hire contractors. transformed difficult client relations into collaborative ones facilitating smooth program management. built resource management system to track and maintain contract requirements and sensitive personnel information. enterprise sales account manager november 2014 to current work with director of enterprise sales to develop innovative business plans and sales strategies to build the enterprise sales unit from 0. leverage relationships with engineering marketing and customer support through internal training programs. collaborate with account executives to penetrate new accounts identify potential customers and coordinate product demonstrations. actively manage the portfolio of all enterprise accounts totaling 40k of monthly reoccurring revenue. developed and implemented standard operating procedures for onboarding all new enterprise accounts. coordinate and manage major proposal processes from initiation to implementation. increased monthly sales by 20 by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base. deliver exceptional account service to strengthen customer loyalty. coordinator january 2014 to march 2015 conducted expert meetings with companies needing expertise for coverage and adoption of their device technologies resulting in 30k revenue for the
__label__DESIGNER floral designer skills billings floral designer skills billings cash handling cashier creativity customer service magic pick pos experience jan 2016 to current floral designer jan 2016 designer jan 2015 any assigned errands/duties. customer service. design work. event set up magic floral billings mt 2015. customer service any miscellaneous or assigned duties. floral designer delivery driver jan 2014 to jan 2015 any other assigned duties. education and training working towards floral design certificate fall 2014 front range community college front range community college working towards floral design certificate spring 2014 associates horticulture fall 2013 front range community college horticulture spring 2011 colorado university high school diploma spring 2010 fossil ridge high school
__label__CONSULTANT consultant profile skilled professional consultant profile skilled professional with 15 years of experience in electrical and quality engineering for numerous engineering and quality control processes. expertise in creating detailed test plans and test cases for optimal quality control. solid background in various testing methodologies for both client-facing and non-client-facing procedures and products. experience customer relations monitored customer technical related issues maximized operational efficiency by coaching staff on various customer service initiatives improved employee-customer relations by providing social skills and managerial training to staff. analytical skills oversaw quality assurance initiatives to design and implement products and processes for ongoing projects. ensured optimal productivity and quality assurance initiatives by performing routine maintenance on electrical equipment. review statistics and determine areas requiring enhancement which includes inspecting samples and formulating improvement policies to meet quality standards. organization and document management managed capa s and risk assessment analysis failure mode and effect analysis and forensic investigation of manufacturing and product field failures. wrote procedures and established practices to develop templates and documentation to improve forensic investigation for manufacturing and product field failures. ensured proper documentation of phase deliverables in products design history and technical files. work history consultant 01/2009 to current conducted product analysis to address products high failure
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY epic information technology specialist epic information technology specialist summary seeking a position in the field of bio-pharma where i can utilize and contribute my skills in an ingenious manner. skills microbial testing endotoxin- lal test. nano particle size and charge analysis by malveren nano zs 90. protein extractions. hplc handling and chromatography techniques. polymerase chain reaction pcr technique. epic care. experienced in method development method validation method verification and method transfer of new analytical methods wet chemistry techniques. ms office efficient internet browsing sas programming epic care. experience 04/2017 to 06/2017 epic information technology specialist supported physicians and nurses with updating work list and flowsheet information. provided instructions to staff on the use of epic care. provided support during the go-live. nanotechnology thz biological imaging. 01/2016 to 11/2016 research associate study of tera spectra and tera imaging. analytical testing and method development and method validation. thz imaging for nanotechnology the relationship between nanotechnology and thz is bidirectional in the sense that the concurrent developments can contribute to both technologies. thz modalities have helped the expansion of nanotechnology. maintenance and calibration of analytical instruments such as hplc uplc uv ft-ir dissolution apparatus ph meter and analytical balances. nanotechnology could help in the development of high-resolution
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary business focused consultant summary business focused professional with a passion for healthcare and patients. leverage experience and expertise to help businesses execute on their strategic initiatives. experience in managing experience design and human-centered focused projects strategy planning logistical planning and execution strategic change management corporate communications project management and learning design. known for an innate ability to diagnose problems and develop creative solutions tailored for each organization. extensive experience leading teams and developing team members at varying levels in their career as well as being able to work in complex organizations. experience 09/2015 to current consultant most significant projects national audit firm - led an experience design initiative to understand what people do how they work and the systems they use. showed leadership where gaps existed and how to close those gaps to increase productivity and foster positive working relationships across the organization. managed an innovative and creative team as we used a user-centric design approach to gain a greater understanding of the major audiences represented and developed a plan to effectively roll out a new service desk to the organization. managed client relationship and responsible for final deliverable delivery. national healthcare insurer - led the corporate communications workstream. executed strategic communications
__label__DESIGNER forms designer professional summary forms designer professional summary professionally trained job title with experience ensuring high standards of culturally competent care for wide variety of patients with diverse needs. responsible job title with excellent communication skills demonstrated by number years of experience in healthcare. skills strong clinical judgment high level of autonomy patient/family focused patient evaluation/intervention professional bedside manner adept at prioritizing/managing deadlines safe ng tube insertion and removal thorough physical assessments tracheotomy care foley catheter insertion/removal familiarity insulin medication assistance work history forms designer 01/2007 to 01/2010 assessed need for ordered obtained and interpreted appropriate lab tests. conducted mandated health screenings physicals and special education assessments in number schools with number students. ensured external follow-up where required. chronic patient care in med-surg unit adeptly handling all aspects of treatment from medication to wound care to monitoring for number patients per shift. primary care assessment and evaluation of neonatal and pediatric patients. counseled and educated patients about reproductive health issues and wellness. expertise in stds hiv and family planning. led cna training program and conducted classes for prospective cnas. oversaw the training of number students annually. organized and led number support groups per time period in subjects related to physical and emotional health to
__label__SALES sales professional summary i sales professional summary i want a challenging occupation where i can allow my innovations to expand with experience immensely. motivated customer service specialist with over 5 years of retail experience in a fast-paced team-based environment. expertise in delivering support services and resolving customer complaints. friendly and hard working associate ready to give it all i have. skills trusted key holder creative problem solver exceptional communication skills ms windows proficient quick learner strong client relations proficient in cash management strategic sales knowledge cash flow management multi-line phone talent team player reliable goal-oriented decisive fluent in english fluent in spanish calm under pressure analytical thinker powerpoint presentations excellent interpersonal skills natural leader composed crisis communication superior verbal and written communication skills flexible schedule computer-savvy organized work history sales 08/2014 to current described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. earned management trust by serving as key holder responsibly opening and closing store. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. communicated with vendors regarding back order availability future inventory and special orders. effectively communicated with and supported sales marketing and administrative teams on a daily basis. answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions. scheduled
__label__ARTS dance instructor summary enthusiastic dance instructor summary enthusiastic dance instructor with superb leadership and communication skills. easily cultivates trusting and productive relationships with students parents teachers and administration.also dedicated to being committed to creating a classroom atmosphere that is stimulating encouraging and supportive for all students. experience 06/2008 to current dance instructor providing quality instruction for various dance styles such as ballet pointe jazz contemporary tap modern and musical theatre. 01/2008 to current member 01/2009 to 08/2010 apprentice member education 2014 bachelor of arts early childhood education florida international university esol endorsed street ballet professional summer training program from 2009-2010 rockette summer experience summer intensive - 2009 ballet atlanta ballet professional training program summer of 2008 ballet university of north carolina school of the arts high school program from 2007-2009 ballet american ballet theatre summer intensive - 2007 ballet orlando ballet summer intensive - 2006 ballet joffrey ballet school summer intensive - 2006 ballet joffrey ballet school summer intensive - 2003 ballet boston ballet school summers 2004 and 2005 skills ballet pointe contemporary modern jazz tap musical theatre
__label__CONSTRUCTION hydroblasting technician 1 career hydroblasting technician 1 career objective an enthusiastic team oriented and polished professional seeking employment with a that values a proactive attitude and solid ambition. i am seeking a rewarding career allowing me to contribute to the growth of the by increasing productivity and ensuring employer s key objectives are met. summary of skills carpentry building maintenance environmental coordination adherence with all safety regulations excellent leadership skills customer service oriented efficient time management effective problem solving experience june 2014 to current hydroblasting technician 1 properly operates hoses on vacuum trucks hydroblasting guns and manipulate controls on robotic equipment. prepare jobsite for hydro blasting. monitor hydroblasting operations. perform job duties in a safe manner in compliance with policies procedures and practices. wear personnel protective equipment ppe as defined by regulations. correct deficiencies that may cause accidents injuries lost productivity or harm to equipment or that are inconsistent with client s requirements. assist with hydroblasting and tank cleaning in various refineries. november 2012 to june 2015 construction assistant performed prep work including masking sanding and filling holes. interior and exterior painting. built and placed plywood/wall systems installed doors and windows. constructed concrete forms poured concrete by pump and bucket barrowed or shoveled. utilized
__label__FINANCE senior finance manager summary senior finance manager summary highly driven finance professional with over 8 years of progressive experience in the advertising and entertainment industry. extremely proficient with managing month-end quarter-end and year-end deadlines. highlights staff management/development balance sheet reconciliations process improvement managing audit requests financial reporting cash flow analysis budget development excellent research and financial analysis abilities microsoft excel microsoft word and microsoft powerpoint. experience with sap r3/bw maconomy business objects jd edwards experience senior finance manager january 2015 to january 2016 supervise the media finance production client finance accounts payable and accounts receivable departments. manage the monthly accounting close and consolidation of monthly reports. manage the monthly accounting close efficiently and accurately. prepare monthly financial statements balance sheet p l cash flow variance analysis for the company. analyze intercompany transactions and oversee monthly reconciliations. provide weekly cash flow projections to cfo and manage cash balances with dir. of treasury. manage internal and external audits ensure good and effective internal controls are in place. assist in establishing accounting and operational policies/procedures as well as consistent reporting for each department. assist in leading the implementation of maconomy system across the office which includes training and streamlining policies. review and post all entities journal entries
__label__DESIGNER mechanical designer professional profile mechanical designer professional profile design engineer with a proven track record of success. offer excellence in analytical decision making and product innovation to drive business growth and collaboration. an articulate presenter with the ability to communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner. enthusiastic and driven design engineer with diverse experience across project life cycle including research and development manufacturing and project leadership. a strong conceptual thinker with the ability to align teams to achieve strategic business objectives. technically-savvy design engineer experienced in the research development design and manufacturing of various product types . qualifications including certifications in machine operation programming cnc laser/punch expertise in autodesk inventor autocad and a working knowledge of solidworks and comprehensive knowledge of lean manufacturing principles. graduate with an associates of applied science degree in computer aided drafting design seeking a challenging opportunity in process design development and support. self-motivated and committed to improving environmental health and safety conditions while driving productivity and efficiency. qualifications rapid prototyping 3d modeling autodesk inventor/solidworks microsoft office proficient team player self-motivated communication skills creative thinking experience mechanical designer 10/2011 to 01/2017 design ammonia processing control units using autodesk inventor. create working drawings for the shop floor. check and
__label__HR hr consultant summary detail-oriented hr consultant summary detail-oriented 25 years human resources professional who excels under tight deadlines while anticipating and averting potential problems by proactively streamlining processes to find the perfect applicant. highlights phr certified professionals in human resources association excellent interpersonal and coaching skills recruiting and selection techniques national human resources association talent assessments hiring recommendations background checks training and development hiring and retention compensation/payroll employee relations regulatory compliance affirmative action compliance new hire orientation mediation expertise exceptional interpersonal skills peoplefluent/taleo expert accomplishments human resources reduced employee turnover by 18 . led the staffing planning committee for years. created a rewards and incentive program that was cited as the driving force behind branch employee retention rate. implemented a new hire training program for branch operations specialists. supervised hr interns and provided assistance in resume building training and career path development. designed a standard exit process and interview survey that was implemented permanently.revamped the orientation process for all new hires which was implemented company-wide. experience 07/2015 to current hr consultant hr and career consultant consult fortune 500 companies in hr career consultant for potential applicants executive recruiting for banking professionals 10/2014 to 05/2015 director of customer strategies-heart walks recruited and interviewed applicants for
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development representative summary business development representative summary dedicated business development representative who is a detail-oriented self-starter and congenial salesperson who has excelled in closing percentages. background in inside sales and customer service. skills fca kain automotive training 3 steps to digital success chrysler certified employee crm training highlights seasoned in conflict resolution strong organizational skills energetic work attitude adaptive team player telephone inquiries specialist multi-line phone talent exceptional communication skills excellent time management leadership abilities quick learner experience business development representative 07/2016 to 10/2016 answered customers questions regarding products prices and availability. emphasized product features based on analysis of customers needs. responded to all customer inquiries in a timely manner. shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. internet social media manager 12/2015 to 07/2016 answer customers questions about products prices availability product uses and credit terms. recommend products to customers based on customers needs and interests. consult with clients after sales or contract signings to resolve problems and to provide ongoing support. create and publish gravitating posts on various social media forums facebook twitter instagram etc. . respond promptly to all reviews regarding the company. compose and send compelling email blasts weekly to generate business.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing coordinator professional profile marketing coordinator professional profile results-oriented marketing proffesional who drives growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies. qualifications tactical planning marketing and sales specialist retail marketing organized and efficient advanced computer proficiency both pc and mac customer relationship management crm excellent communication skills goal-oriented business negotiation inspiring team leader bilingual in english - spanish financial reporting effective team player creative experience marketing coordinator jul 2012 to apr 2016 taco palenque 18 locations 10 cities laredo cotulla san antonio new braunfels houston mission edinburg mcallen weslaco and brownsville. palenque grill 5 locations 3 cities laredo mcallen and san antonio. pollo palenque 5 locations 2 cities laredo and mcallen. managed developed and improved the schools food courts projetc for taco palenque branch. image change for taco palenque s branch fleet. customer relations management. creative producer of concepts and scripst for tv and radio advertising for all branches taco palenque pollo palenque palenque grill and tensai sushi. conceptual image creative for al branches. web content and design development for taco palenque palenque grill and pollo palenque. new product launching campaigns creative. consumer trends analysis. succesfully exceeded sales and transactions goals in different lto s through marketing campaigns with taco palenque. improved same store sales
__label__HEALTHCARE corporate administrator summary successful corporate administrator summary successful administrative professional with 15 years of experience. skills organized detail oriented efficient prioritize multiple deadlines work well independently collaborate with others software microsoft word excel powerpoint outlook adobe acrobat multiple project software websites general clerical type 75 wpm multiline phones experience corporate administrator january 2009 to january 2017 light accounting/bookkeeping travel arrangements meeting agendas and minutes editing/proofreading meticulously proofread ensure consistency in content structure revise for clarity review style format bidding administration prepare front-end docs familiar with various loaning agency requirements know and able to carry out bid process from start to finish construction administration assist approximately 15 engineers in our water/wastewater department working on multi-million dollar projects. requires great attention to detail while meeting multiple deadlines simultaneously. specific duties include . document processing - proofread revise format pdf and produce master plans planning studies specifications and plans technical memos letters meeting minutes and o m manuals for municipalities and cities. bidding administration - distribute plans and specifications maintain planholders lists issue and confirm receipt of addenda and complete bid tabulations. construction administration - prepare contract documents. receive and return submittals and rfis maintain logs. assisted approximately 18 engineers in the water/wastewater department working on multi-million
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary accounting professional accountant summary accounting professional with twenty years of experience in inventory and manufacturing accounting. ability to fill in at a moment s notice quickly mastering new systems processes and workflows. take charge attitude ability to work independently recommend and implement ideas and process improvements. skills microsoft office excel outlook and word sage 100 ramp wms software and syspro erp program experience accountant 04/2011 to 05/2017 performed general accounting functions journal entries reconciliations and accruals. completed monthly assigned account analysis compared to budget and prior periods and reconciliations as well. participated in monthly quarterly and annual financial closing processes. participated in the annual budget process. researched and approved all credit memos and debit memos to be issued returns damages mispicks and price discrepancies . implemented and oversaw rga spreadsheet for returns used by customer service accounting and upper management. initiated and tracked claim process with carriers for damages. built relationships with other departments including logistics planning customer service and sales. participated in identifying and executing the s business process improvement efforts and assisted management with special assignments and projects. assisted in preparation of bank audits and annual external audit. maintained full accounting functions of 3 subsidiaries inventory. approved all inventory transactions
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS development manager experience development development manager experience development manager november 2006 to current manage annual walk for wishes which exceeded revenue goal of 440 000 in fy15 and is expected to raise close to 470 000. assisted with securing and renewing more than 140 000 walk for wishes event sponsors over a goal of 120 000 for fy15. introduced the pyramid online fundraising platform into our walk team efforts and increased one team s goal from 14 000 to more than 32 000. implement the team structure for our lead sponsor planet fitness which allowed them to raise more than 29 000 and created a place for them in our pre-walk w develop budget for specific development projects each fiscal year based on actual revenue and expenses from the previous year and track monthly progress. collaborated with erin ehlers sr manager national events and brand campaigns to implement best practices including free registration and a modified version of the walk day experience. led the wish ball detroit live auction committee which exceeded its revenue goal of 75 000 to just under 100 000 in its first year. created talking points for auctioneer. worked with committee to secure attractive packages for audience. identified compelling wish
__label__CONSTRUCTION area manager professional summary area manager professional summary project manager and operations manager with a proven record of success in overseeing all phases of multi-million-dollar construction and infrastructure projects for government and private-sector clients. experience includes managing crews for utility infrastructure construction and improvements preparing proposals managing day-to-day business operations leading in project risk management and maintaining osha safety compliance standards. strong credentials and a proven history of on-time on-budget and high-quality project completion. recognized for project management know-how with a focus on completing projects on-time and under budget. recognized as troubleshooter and problem solver adept at conceptualizing/implementing solutions to accomplish project goals quickly and efficiently with attention to continuous productivity improvements. demonstrated expertise in the following areas construction projects. infrastructure improvement projects. employee supervision. site safety/osha compliance. qa/qc/field engineering. change order management. budgeting and cost controls. bidding/estimating/proposals. subcontractor/crew supervision proficient in analyzing internal project controls and making recommendations for process improvements. adept at managing the array of administrative and financial responsibilities that large-scale projects require. accountable for daily reports that covers project status responsibilities and estimated time of project tasks. led major infrastructure improvements on the nation s communications infrastructure for a variety of clients including major system operators for telephone and cable
__label__ARTS library educational aide summary library educational aide summary to obtain an administrative assistant position where i can apply my 10 years of customer service gift of multitasking and professional experience to provide a team with a high quality of consistent supportive experience. highlights competent and reliable professional committed to top quality work organized and multitasking person resourceful in solving problems maximizing resources leading delegating and negotiating collaborate easily with co-workers and work well independently possess excellent communication and inter-personal skills perform effectively despite sudden deadlines and changing priorities proven ability to identify analyze and solve problems highly reliable self-starter can be counted on to complete assignments and manage projects planner sets goals and meets deadlines experienced in customer relations self-motivated able to learn on own initiative excellent record of dependability and reliability versatile and multi-skilled person relates easily with all levels of co-workers and customers excellent verbal and written communication skills 10 years experience working in the customer service industry entrepreneur skills forward thinker always trying to improve things or determine functionality hard worker quick learner and ability to assume responsibility work well under pressure as part of a team responsible resourceful and able to implement change or policies efficient supportive and flexible ability
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary professional staff accountant summary professional accountant with an outstanding work ethic and integrity seeking to make a valuable contribution utilizing strong analytical organizational communication and computer skills. summa cum laude graduate with bba in accounting eight years of accounting experience three years of public accounting experience in governmental auditing five years of private industry accounting and tax experience experience utilizing microsoft office microsoft dynamics ax caseware ohio auditor of gaap reporting system onesource sbt syspro and crystal reports ohio notary public commission expires february 15 2021 skills analytical reasoning compliance testing knowledge effective time management public and private accounting strong organizational skills general ledger accounting superior research skills flexible team player experience staff accountant january 2016 to current responsible for managing collections from customers by evaluating payment plans payment history and if need be contacting a s collections department to receive payment. overseeing customer accounts and maintaining working relationships between a and its clients are essential tasks for an accounts receivable clerk. generate weekly financial reports to track all accounts receivable. this includes totaling all revenue and unpaid receivables and constantly keeping financial records up to date. assist with month-end closing. generate and send out invoices. review ar aging to ensure
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary microbiology teacher professional summary microbiology with emphasis in foods food protection specialist master of science. experience in university teaching in areas quality and foodsafety food microbiology microbial toxicology environmental and industrial microbiology. research experience design of based biodegradable packaging whey protein incorporated as controlling lactic acid bacteria listeria monocytogenes in smoked salmon applied. conycit project - d04i153 fondef chile. antimicrobial films and lactic acid bacteria with potential use in the industry. experience in implementation of plans and programs and safety management systems in food companies gmp haccp training and education to food handlers. internal quality auditor. statistics management tools applied in the industry for quality control. experience in application of lactic acid bacteria lab of interest to industry and application of bacteriocins in foods. core qualifications master of science mention microbiology food protection specialist microbiology emphasis in food graduate training competency curriculum development department internal quality auditor diploma under the iso 9001 2000. university austral of chile valdivia chile 2007-2008 university of pamplona pamplona colombia 2001- 2003 university of pamplona pamplona colombia 1992- 1999 university of santander udes. bucaramanga time intensity th 144 hs. 2010 . industrial university of santander. colombia. th 120 hours. 2006 . experience teacher 01/2010 to 01/2015
__label__DESIGNER vr designer summary a vr designer summary a game designer with exceptional modeling and prioritization skills looking for a career in an organization that would enhance and further skillset. experience 01/2017 vr designer help facilitate the process of game development using unity 5 and virtual reality. t.a. for boeing game development course at chronos global academy. 3d modeler texture lighting and sound special for unity 5 and unreal engine 4. sales and marktering of vr titles on steam and vive-port construction john ewing. 01/2016 game tester provided expertise in testing games. reported results and made sure the quality was production ready. worked with teams in game functionality using multi language applications. 01/2015 education and training 2014 advanced modeling advanced animation level and world building. having a passion for weed and its comsumers and excellents in people skills able to distinguish cannabis strains such as sativa vs. indica vs. hybrid fine art and game design animation/fx artist sanford brown fine art and game design animation/fx artist skills 3d photoshop animation game design lighting maya modeling painter people skills quality reality rendering sales sound sound design
__label__BANKING training assistant summary project training assistant summary project management and special events training curriculum development needs assessments outside sales recruitment and marketing non-profit management and office administration experience training assistant jan 2008 to current develop and implement projects which create a positive presentation of proequities. analyze and develop solutions for internal processes coordinate and implement logistics for training events coordinate the bdu scholarship program provide duties such as the maintenance of databases preparation of powerpoint presentations spreadsheets editing mail merge and special project reports field all incoming phone calls for proequities greet guests. market game coordinator/office manager jan 2005 to jan 2007 organized and maintained alabama stock market game activities coordinated teacher recruitment and workshops - provide technical support and communication to teachers coordinated stockbroker mentor program promoted programs through correspondence workshops and public speaking coordinated day-to day office activity provide support to fund development client service marketing financial reporting and special projects assist in bookkeeping activities. advertising administrator jan 2003 to jan 2004 ensured compliance of policy for yellow page and white page directory advertising addressed and resolved wide directory listing issues coordinated acquisition distribution and billing of inventory of financial center merchandising hardware and graphics for over 700 financial centers throughout eight-state
__label__CONSTRUCTION personal assistant/intern to deputy personal assistant/intern to deputy minister of construction and housing- sierra e. a. summary executive administrative support professional offering versatile office management planning and research skills. committed to quality performance cognitive thinking and management of organizational goals. seeking a position of development or executive assistant where my skills in identifying project strategies and locations are utilized for mutual growth and success. particularly wish to apply my extensive research skills and customer service experience in a dynamic real estate setting. highlights strong interpersonal and communication skills articulate and well-spoken professional and mature meticulous attention to detail results-oriented russian fluent spanish advanced reading writing advanced ms office suite knowledge time management database management conference planning travel administration business correspondence executive presentation development employee training development accomplishments awarded a bonus in recognition of managing the addition of more than 50 staff members. planned corporate meetings lunches and special events for groups of 50+ employees. supported deputy minister russian federation through personal document management calendar organization and collateral preparation for meetings with government officials. helped manage and coordinate installation of a roadway and parking lot project within an entire commercial development. wrote and produced a series of 10 audio and print stories for prism radio
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary accountant for accountant summary accountant for a medium sized experience 01/2009 to current accountant hired by their cpa firm to handle all accounting and job cost reporting. 01/2007 to 01/2009 accountant hired by their cpa firm to handle all accounting functions.. 01/1997 to 01/2007 accountant installed new peachtree accounting system. installed new computer system using a local area network and added a web site. education and training 1974 b.s business administration accounting university of cincinnati business administration accounting interests annapolis amblers walking club president trailmaster maryland volkssport assn president chesapeake civil war roundtable. skills accounting cpa local area network peachtree accounting reporting web site additional information interests annapolis amblers walking club president trailmaster maryland volkssport assn president chesapeake civil war roundtable.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT se business development manager se business development manager highlights national account management established track record of exceptional sales results excellent communication skills resolution-oriented cross-cultural sales background exceptional multi-tasker accomplishments simsoc simulated society leadership workshop-dr. larry pepper. professional instrument society of america. activities mastering business development workshop-bill scheessele. global sourcing quality engineer training-ge power systems. six sigma green belt certified. exceptional management skills-baker communication inc. print graphic support collaborated with marketing and business development groups for collateral needs by creating page layout designs for flyers data sheets cd covers and other printed materials. experience se business development manager jun 2014 to mar 2015 responsible for own brand business development in the southeast u.s. including nc sc ga fl al va ms al wv va ky and tn. supporting lewis-goetz rawson and icd offices and sales reps to pursue opportunities for own brand products including econ diamond gear c c force smith valves. se technical outside sales representative may 2013 to jun 2014 technical support for outside sales representative s in southeast. engineering presentations specifications for manual and automated valves to engineering firms fluor mustang ch2m hill d z hargrove chemtex etc. business development for turbine oem s general electric siemens alstom and mitsubishi. strategic automation
__label__FINANCE finance director summary finance finance director summary finance director with experience in strategic planning budgeting and accounting. highlights data trending motivated professional process implementation process implementation staff leadership and development experience may 2012 to current finance director implemented new accounting procedures within quickbooks. prepare payroll and submit to adp bimonthly. work daily with microsoft excel in creating worksheets when needed. prepare monthly payroll financial statements for the corporation. review financial statements within quickbooks. work directly with hr director standards compliance coordinator treasurer and ceo. july 2011 to may 2012 systems manager process all medicaid claims as well as billing errors denials and payments. entered new medicaid patient enrollment papers into medical program daily. analyze patient accounts daily for errors. assist financial director daily with various tasks. process and post medicaid billing daily. developed work with data entry including customer and patient satisfaction clinical monthly packets as well as the employee census. june 2008 to march 2010 staff accountant analyzed financial and accounting records used accounting and auditing sox procedures to evaluate information and review compliances conducted payroll audits and inventory counts assisted with internal audits applied cash deposits against accounts receivables daily reviewed journal entries and monthly landowner statements to pass sox compliance education
__label__ACCOUNTANT corporate accountant summary strategic corporate accountant summary strategic and analytical finance professional with 23 + years of success in financial reporting analysis and project management. highly motivated professional who thrives in high-pressure environments. excellent financial reporting budget forecasting management and team-building skills. accomplished and results-oriented in each business endeavor with consistently meeting deadlines and increased revenue. highly skilled at increasing productivity through detailed cost analysis. highlights superior time management financial modeling financial reporting expert variance analysis accomplishments increased cost-effectiveness by 28 through compliance enforcement and implementation of a new quality control system. led the development of multiple financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency. increased efficiency of discrepancy investigations by designing a more accurate cash-forecasting system. experience corporate accountant may 2015 to march 2016 - relocated to corporate offices and continued to handle all financial aspects of biologics development services along with 7 additional entities that were start up companies. vp of finance/operations september 2013 to current - responsible for the site management of the bds facility laboratory storage archive server room office areas etc. equipment utilities supplies security general maintenance and human resources. controller of financial operations accounting payroll purchasing financial forecasts etc. . also watson lims administrator and back-up archivist and
__label__FITNESS program manager highlights microsoft program manager highlights microsoft outlook and office suite salesforce electronic health records surveymonkey 3 health portal client configuration center c various social media platforms various reporting data collection software webex piktochart prezi adobe acrobat pro peoplesoft wordpress weebly marissa a. kalkman 3 accomplishments level 1 trainer cf-l1 crossfit inc. current cpr aed first aid american heart association current w ellcoaches core coach training wellcoach school of coaching in progress march july 2016 community involvement leadership colorado society for public h ealth education board of directors continuing education chair 2015 current public h ealth in the rockies conference planning committee 2015 current sponsorships and exhibitors sub-committee continuing education and evaluation sub-committee. experience 11/2015 to current program manager manage a 600 000 grant contract to plan implement and evaluate a tobacco cessation program in a community mental health center serving three counties in the greater denver area collaborate with community partners and internal clinical staff to facilitate systems changes for improved tobacco cessation hire train and supervise a team of three tobacco cessation coaches coach consumers who use tobacco and are working toward quitting in one-on-one sessions or group classes develop a detailed evaluation plan and achieve measureable outcomes in the tobacco
__label__SALES sales advisor career overview sales advisor career overview motivated customer service specialist with over 30 years of retail experience in a fast-paced team-based environment. core strengths creative problem solver ms windows proficient quick learner trusted key holder exceptional communication skills work experience 01/2011 to current sales advisor prepare present and encourage sales of specific items food- hot and cold household items- air freshners detergents etc. and appliances- coffee makers soda machines etc. have successfully met and exceeded sales goals. have also sold out of featured products on occasion. greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed. described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. 01/2008 to 01/2009 cardiac care assistant performed pacemaker tests over the phone. handled over forty calls per day. helped patient and/or assisting agent to relax so that test could be conducted properly. patients ages and circumstances varied. responsible to give proper instructions so that resulting test was adequate for final review by a doctor. 01/2003 to 01/2005 analyst instituted system to manage subscribers accounts for receipt of eclectic journals. did investigative work to locate publishers for delinquent shipments or missing issues. researched subscribers original orders to verify correct payment sent to
__label__SALES sales associate summary my sales associate summary my goal is to become associated with a where i can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the s productivity and reputation. skills effective at multitasking works well independently and in groups excellent computer skills organized fast learner personable customer orientated interpersonal communication experience sales associate 11/2018 to current analyze and properly process product returns maintain and organize merchandise to drive sales organize shelves to maintain store visual appeal engage customers and promote specific merchandise maintain records related to sales returns and inventory availability recommend merchandise to customers based on needs and preferences sell various products by demonstrating explaining unique features and educating customers on proper handling and care answer incoming telephone calls to provide information about products services store hours policies and promotions volunteer - receptionist 09/2018 to current meet incoming customers with professional approach and provide friendly knowledgeable assistance keep reception area clean and organized to offer positive first impression to every visitor helped set up events greet customers answer general questions and direct to appropriate locations or personnel stylist 07/2018 to 10/2018 initiated friendly conversation with each customer to determine level of assistance required maintained assigned area to store standards by
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare effectiveness data and healthcare effectiveness data and information set coordinator hedis career focus committed and motivated administrative assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. energetic results-oriented team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to a growing in need of top-level support. responsible office manager versed in mediating employee conflict and running efficient daily business operations. effective organization and communication skills / master new concepts quickly / initiate document control and processing information / high level customer service and detail oriented / report composing and document presentation / thorough investigation and monitoring / patrol and crowd control access core qualifications microsoft office suite expert people-oriented organized exceptional communicator deadline-oriented schedule management report analysis medical terminology experience healthcare effectiveness data and information set coordinator hedis 08/2013 to current healthcare effectiveness data and information set coordinator hedis . educate and inform members about past due clinical services that improve member health outcomes and increase health plan hedis rates. make outbound calls to members providing assistance with obtaining services by assisting with appointment scheduling arranging transportation and conducting reminder calls and/or emails. conduct hedis provider chart request calls and faxes to support medical record capture for hedis
__label__FITNESS fitness coordinator objective seeking fitness coordinator objective seeking a challenging environment which allows me to contribute to the continued success and growth of the organization. to obtain a position that will provide me with the opportunity to apply my education administrative fitness experience and grow as a professional. education may 2012 master of science recreation administration - concentration facilities management western kentucky university may 2010 bachelor of science exercise science western kentucky university employment experience 07/2012 to current fitness coordinator jhhfhgjkkghj fdsafafsa 01/2012 to 07/2012 facility coordinator intern/membership specialist assist with facility supervision. train staff members to be knowledgeable and perform fitness services such as resting blood pressure body composition and circumference measurements. aid with corporate presentations on various aspects of health and wellness such as obesity hypertension diabetes and sedentary lifestyle in relation to exercise. help with membership sells and retention by conducting facility tours program promotion and individualized consultations with members. work closely with facility manager pro shop coordinator and head membership specialist to provide optimal experiences and services such as personal training fitness counseling adequate equipment and nutritional aspects to all members. 12/2010 to 07/2012 group exercise instructor instruct/lead patrons through safe and challenging exercises in an abdominals/core toning format as
__label__FITNESS rn/rn team lead executive rn/rn team lead executive profile i am a self-motivated and patient focused nurse executive with a strong history of progressive leadership. i have worked in health care for the past 12 years and in nursing for the past 9. i have been honored to quickly and progressively build upon my experiences to assume key leadership positions. these opportunities have allowed me to lead the charge on increased facility efficiency and cost savings while ensuring stellar quality programming with a focus on infection control risk management and quality improvement. under my direction organizational improvements in those areas have flourished while experiencing record surgical volume and implementation of new and innovative procedures. change under pressure has been staple in my professional life and an aspect that has quickly molded me in to a quick-witted yet careful professional always putting the patient first but never losing sight of strategic goals to ensure organizational success. skill highlights core accomplishments ceo service award 2009 spree award winner 2011 member of sigma theta tau international - nursing honor society professional experience rn/rn team lead september 2010 to current providing nursing leadership and asc operations guidance to 7 facilities nation-wide including staffing metric and or efficiency accreditation
__label__FITNESS operations associate lisa phinney operations associate lisa phinney skills licensed notary over 10 years experience in ms office excel spreadsheet creation word - memos minutes invoices power point outlook asana and basecamp project management website design and updating social media management design experience with photoshop and elements video conferencing experience google g-suite applications kronos experience event planning and execution work history operations associate 10/2016 to current responsible for the administrative and operational tasks at heartspace a retreat center in park and managing executive management for co-leaders of plenty consulting. utilizing technology proficiently and expediently basecamp box ms applications word ppt excel and outlook . acting as the quarterback for project coordination and teamwork. representing the leadership team and the to partners clients and guests. finding new ways for to grow and flourish and then leading those special projects with enthusiasm. supporting the leadership team with communication and email correspondence scheduling meeting management travel vendor relationships and project management. coding expenses and ensuring they are accurate for billing. managing conference attendance speaking prep audience engagement and follow-up. budget management. manage vendor relationships order swag supplies and directing payment as needed. plan travel for team of 8 for conferences and consulting services offsite. social media manager
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations account coordinator public relations account coordinator summary public relations professional possessing excellent project management leadership and event planning skills with a strong background in brand building public relations. highlights relationship building expert deadline-driven exceptional writer exceptional multi-tasker proficient in adobe creative suite organized and efficient wordpress proficient in adobe creative suite experience public relations account coordinator jan 2015 to current create brand pitch letters and press releases for distribution solidified top tier placement for brands such as fox friends usa today yahoo aol and daily finance social media brand manager casting manager fulfilling multiple media requests such as abc nightline production manager for multiple video projects and events organize and maintain all press hits identified brand needs through market research and analysis. create lists for distribution via vocus and cision account coordinator mar 2012 to jan 2015 organized production of north american hairstyling awards a red carpet event with giuliana and bill rancic and charged with assisting in all aspects of event planning for major high-profile promotional events. provide account management services on a range of beauty-oriented accounts including ecry ny pixi beauty ny streets beauty collection beauty addicts and cosmoprof north america. solidify top-tier online placements for clients and develop media
__label__TEACHER preschool teacher summary short preschool teacher summary short term to utilize skills as in the costumer service industry to prepare for my career in the future. long term to become an rn in pediatrics and prenatal care. c ostumer service rep committed to addressing customer concerns with speed accuracy and professionalism. i am currently a preschool teacher at parkway children school may 2015 to current teaching between ages 0-4 15 months experience student practioner-clinical externship college america phoenix may 2013 160 hours clinical provided a helping hand at a clinic facility accomplishments managed call flow with up to 3 calls in 5 minutes. worked with special needs children including those with learning disabilities mental challenges and physical impairments. solved severe child behavioral issues in positive and constructive ways. experience may 2015 to current preschool teacher offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child s activities. maintained daily records of activities behaviors meals and naps. carefully monitored children s play activities. created and implemented a developmentally appropriate curriculum. january 2015 to may 2015 warehouse unloaded picked staged and loaded products for shipping. worked at a rapid pace to meet tight deadlines. november 2014 to january 2015 customer service inbond calls addressed customer service inquiries in
__label__ACCOUNTANT general accountant professional summary general accountant professional summary i have around 6 years experiences in the field of accounting banking works with egyptians and foreign companies i m really honored to introduce myself as a hardworking good communication skills with the highest level of integrity honesty loyalty strong beliefs goal orientated sober habits and the desire to produce the best of the work. areas of expertise abdul aziz abdul ghafar ahmed final accounts and balance sheet ability to deal with the accounting program quickbooks . ability to make the financial statements accounting cycle by excel. skill with microsoft word. skillfulness with computer. work experience 06/2014 to 10/2016 completion of opening customer account using national bank of egypt system. checking requests for opening an account and make sure it s compatible with the egyptian standards for opening an account. serving 50 branches per day and complete nearly 500 accounts per day. customer service at green towers egypt alexandria. 03/2013 to 05/2014 dealing directly with customers either by telephone electronically or face to face. respond promptly to customer inquiries. handle and resolve customer complaints. provide pricing and delivery information. set up new customer accounts. 1 page. e-mail hassan aly1014 yahoo.com mobile phone +2 01207673477 process orders
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager professional business development manager professional summary served as resourceful and self directed business development manager. defined and executed strategies and operations while leading collaborative full project cycles with national and local governments across southern africa. spearheaded projects which improved life and health for over 40m people by providing low cost safe clean and reliable renewable energy- solutions to the complex regional electricity problem. international development experience and effective record of leading sales strategic plans and financial reporting across three continents resulting in sales and project development operations of over 50m usd. served as high-performing award-winning and data driven intelligence analyst at the national security agency while performing duties as an airman in the united states air force. core qualifications experience in project management and driving product implementation business development and strategic partner management proven track record of initiating implementing and successfully driving new business opportunities from relationships with partners ability to think strategically about complex issues driving thoughtful recommendations and action plans demonstrated ability to influence and communicate cross-functionally and across all levels results-oriented adept multi tasker strong proposal writer analytical problem solver operations management contract negotiation/review/drafting financial records and processing report generation and analysis experience with execution and shaping complex
__label__FITNESS yoga instructor professional profile yoga instructor professional profile enthusiastic and motivated individual with experience in development and integration of wellness programs for adults. topics of expertise include exercise prescription and instruction stress reduction and nutrition education. desires a role to develop implement and facilitate health and wellness programs in a worksite environment. relevant experience fitness and exercise professional registered yoga teacher focused on adults looking to improve health. group fitness instructor since1999 with focus on improved movement. personal trainer for 2 years with emphasis on functional movements for lifestyle and weight loss. program development and delivery for corporate wellness fitness classes. nutrition educator designed and implemented nutrition education seminars for adults. led grocery store tours for education on healthy shopping choices. taught basic nutrient fundamentals including how to read a food label. developed 8 week challenge with focus on weight loss and wellness. college nutrition adjunct teacher for 2 years. wellness coach co-coordinator for community 8 week weight loss program conducted 3-4 times per year coached individuals as they create healthy behavior changes. provided guidance for clients in the development of and following through with health and wellness goals and objectives. communicated with clients face-to-face through email and telephone to provide guidance and motivation.
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary flexible bookkeeper/ accountant summary flexible bookkeeper/ accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. highlights account reconciliations accounts payable/receivable complex problem solving bank reconciliations creative problem solving budget analysis preparation effective time management complex problem solving excellent managerial techniques cost accounting multi-task management general ledger accounting strong communication skills periodic financial reporting expert strategic planning intuit quickbooks specialist sap accomplishments my professional accomplishments are in the area of gaining well rounded accounting knowledge about the business and communicating how the bottom line is affect by decisions. i was part of a team that created advised and implemented sap in north america while working for colgate. at other businesses i helped implement several different accounting software solutions. experience 08/2016 to 03/2017 accountant handled the day to day accounts payable accounts receivable monthly financial closing work in process and sales tax. 01/2007 to 08/2016 co-owner created a business plan to help preserve a historic landmark building and encourage economic development in historic downtown rogers. created from scratch poor richard s art an artist co-op and then purchased the rabbit s lair and turned it into a fabric fiber center that became one of the top 10 shops in america. handled all
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT partner business development summary partner business development summary a versatile and dynamic manager and marketing professional with more than 20 years of sales management marketing and promotional experience. a goal oriented and trusted leader able to communicate effectively with people of all ages and backgrounds to work collaboratively to resolve problems and to motivate team members to achieve personal and organizational objectives. highlights integrity first quality leadership excellent written and verbal communicator experienced manager customer service-oriented training and development experience 11/2011 to 05/2014 partner business development joined forces with two long-time colleagues to build a full service marketing agency with a specialization in event/ experiential marketing. built and developed the s overall objectives and strategies to differentiate from other marketing agencies. created documents and data used to communicate the s capabilities via web-site and presentation materials. built and successfully presented various strategic marketing plans to prospective clients. interviewed hired and trained members of our executional field teams. worked with field/ executional teams to ensure performance expectations were reached. built and monitored project budgets to maximize roi. 06/2009 to 10/2011 regional manager consumer engagement managed the transition of an in-house event marketing structure to an external event marketing agency by recruiting training and coaching on-site
__label__CHEF executive chef summary over executive chef summary over 29 years experience in front and back of house. seeking a management position. expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. executive chef with 4 years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. highlights kitchen bar dining room operations integrated inventory control promotions up-selling budgeting / profit loss management safety sanitation compliance innovative menu planning vendor management negotiation strategic kitchen planning budget management culinary staff training and development menu management team building and leadership outstanding guest relations experience executive chef 08/2010 to 08/2014 innovative menu development and planning. food and labor cost control. food presentation and preparation. managed special events. purchasing and inventory management. one on one customer relations with clientele. purchase or requisition supplies and equipment needed to ensure quality and timely delivery of services. training and developing employees. kitchen manager 08/2009 to 07/2010 recommended measures for improving work procedures and workers performance. created work schedules and organized employee time sheets. assign duties responsibilities and work stations to employees in accordance to with work requirements. performed various financial activities such as cash handling deposits and payroll. observe and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary results-oriented california consultant summary results-oriented california cpa who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. capable at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. skills complex problem solving analytical reasoning financial statement analysis sox compliance business function consolidation process re-engineering system requirement writing and implementation testing outstanding interpersonal and organizational skills excellent oracle skills in all modules oracle fsg report writing advance excel and access proficiency high adaptability to new technology account reconciliation expert experienced in revenue recognition experience consultant 02/2014 to current as a member of the special project team to bring client s offshore accounting function back to the u.s. i traveled overseas to thoroughly learn and understand the complex revenue recognition model and subsequently closed year end and provided training to client s u.s. team. the transition went smoothly and efficiently and it was completed prior to the original target date. engaged in client s divestiture process responsible for training and transitioning of accounting functionality from the client to the buyer resulting a smooth transition of the sold business unit. managed monthly maintenance and changes in oracle flexfields and financial statement generator fsg to ensure that financial reporting
__label__HEALTHCARE surgical clinical reviewer summary surgical clinical reviewer summary a self-motivated and organized professional with over 20 years experience providing thorough and skillful support. more than 10 years management experience in organizational leadership and relationship building with clients and team members. administrative experience in diverse business settings. extensive international experience with a deep understanding of diverse cultural and business practices professional international liaison. excellent writing skills and the ability to find innovative solutions. a patient listener who fully focuses on speakers and understands a variety of accents. a flexible professional who enjoys learning new skills and quickly adapts to organizational changes. an energetic team leader able to communicate effectively with people of all ages and backgrounds to work collaboratively to resolve problems and to motivate team members to achieve personal and organizational objectives. self-starter with strong communication skills work well independently or on a team. skilled clinical researcher and administrator hold a bs degree in health information management and currently enrolled in an mba degree. highlights management skills administered coordinated delegated evaluated prioritized performed trouble shooting hr duties manage pto payroll interview hire and train new personnel team goals research skills collected extracted organized interpreted summarized audited communication skills corresponded professional telephone etiquette excellent customer
__label__ADVOCATE case manager/outreach advocate summary case manager/outreach advocate summary adaptable and friendly case worker and team player with comprehensive background in crisis intervention utilizing motivational interviewing techniques. highlights microsoft office word excel outlook data entry and power point. ability to interact with a diverse population with a compassionate demeanor.excellent interpersonal skills strong communicator culturally-sensitive self-starter skilled multi-tasker fast learner detail-oriented accomplishments spearheaded cell phone collection program for survivors. received employee of the month on multiple occasions. experience case manager/outreach advocate june 2008 to october 2014 caseworker/outreach advocate use microsoft word in culmination with excel to create monthly board reports responsible for entering daily client data in the integrated tracking system maintaining client files responsible for maintaining client confidentiality answer hotline calls charged with maintaining and ordering all office supplies used xerox and fax machine prepare presentations for outreach events spearheaded cell phone collection program for survivors assisted up to 15 survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault per week with setting and achieving goals that lead to recovery and self sufficiency by identifying victim needs and connecting clients to agency services monitor client s progress with specialized agency service providers e.g. housing specialist and employment specialist to ensure client is meeting goals and to help
__label__FITNESS general manager summary i general manager summary i have strong marketing and sales skills with a costumer service background combined with over 10 years of management. i am skilled with learning new concepts i work well under pressure and communicate ideas clearly and effectively. demonstrated achiever of being responsible punctual and consistent with all policies. experience general manager leading sales counselor for first consecutive 6 months. voted best customer service employee general manager throughout district. largest and highest consecutive sales revenue generated employees. developed and promoted 5 general managers for la fitness. highest overall ranking v-class numbers. generated highest revenue based profitable new jersey club. nominated for customer service general manager of the year. achieved senior/regional gm. responsible for training and development of co-general managers in north east region. september 2014 to january 2015 feeder driver must conform to all federal and department of transportation qualifications. ensure a safe and timely delivery of all ups packages from hub to hub. responsible for all customer pick up and deliveries. june 2014 to august 2014 transport driver pepsi transport carrier transport pepsi raw materials from hub to hub and key distribution centers. adhere to all and federal dot laws and regulations condition and maintain driver and
__label__HR hr manager/business partner summary hr manager/business partner summary a human resources business partner with extensive experience aligning hr strategy with business strategy for assigned business groups. employee relations coaching/mentoring talent acquisition salary planning organizational design workforce planning talent management succession planning change management development highlights lominger korn/ferry certifications talking talent succession architect voices 360 and leadership architect hris workday peoplesoft oracle hr workways / taleo excellent written and verbal communication skills self-motivated detail oriented organized customer focused maintains high level of confidentiality proficient with ms word excel powerpoint outlook performance management strategies employment law knowledge employee relations manager coaching and training hris applications proficient talent management employee relations coaching talent acquisition workforce planning experience hr manager/business partner january 2000 to january 2014 point of contact for multiple business groups of 400+ employees including various support groups finance legal it etc. and other business units such as manufacturing marketing and service. strategic business partner partnered with vice presidents directors and other management on workforce planning talent management change management and building organizational capability. employee relations - responded to and facilitated the resolution of employee relations issues i.e. performance concerns investigations terminations and day to day questions . partnered with legal counsel as needed. talent management
__label__TEACHER teacher experience 08/2015 to teacher experience 08/2015 to 07/2017 teacher implement instructional activities contributing to meaningful learning experiences. prepare syllabi and detailed lesson plans based on course standards and objectives. communicate effectively both orally and in writing with students parents and other professionals on a regular basis. established and maintained cooperative working relationships with students parents and co-workers. collaborate with peers to enhance the instructional environment. 05/2014 to current social services specialist ensure new mothers have the necessary supplies and resources needed for a safe newborn discharge. arrange newborn and maternal appointments with primary providers for follow- up care. coordinate assess and evaluate patients specific needs to facilitate discharge planning. provide community referrals to agencies and resources to ensure continuity of care. prepare case records including nature of problems patient and family needs final disposition of patient and referrals/services arranged for each patient. arrange required durable medical equipment to ensure each patient s continuity of care. 01/2014 to 05/2014 social work intern under supervision coordinate assess and evaluate patients specific needs to facilitate discharge planning. under supervision provide community referrals to agencies and resources to ensure continuity of care. under supervision prepare case records including nature of problems patient and family needs final disposition
__label__HEALTHCARE teacher assistant summary seeking teacher assistant summary seeking a challenging position with a where my skills would be fully utilized. experience teacher assistant sep 2016 to current help teacher prepare materials and assignments for instruction. enforce school policies and rules. perform clerical duties as assigned. supervise students in and out of the classroom. keep classroom neat and in order. observe and assess student s performance/progress. be able to effectively communicate with students teacher and in some cases parents. provide individual assistance to students experiencing learning difficulty explain errors answer questions assist in research clarify directions. participate in meetings and in-service training programs as assigned. assist students by providing general guidance. office assistant oct 2015 to jan 2016 answered phones and transferred to the appropriate staff member. took and distribute accurate messages. greeted clients and directed them to the correct staff member. coordinated messenger and courier service. received sorted and distributed incoming mail. monitored incoming emails and answer or forward as required. prepared outgoing mail for distribution. faxed scanned and copied documents. maintain office filing and storage systems. retrieve information when requested. update and maintain internal staff contact lists. monitored and maintained office supplies. ensured office equipment is properly maintained and serviced. kept the office
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary detailed finance manager summary detailed oriented finance manager who is adapt at meeting dealership and customer expectations. a proven top producer track record of at least 15 years in the automotive and f i department. consistently exceed monthly goals by dealership. top producer in all past dealership employment while maintaining csi scores above standards. excel at accurately and timely funding of both paper contracts and econtracting. well trained in menu selling of vehicle service contracts maintenance and aftermarket products. compliant skilled at tracking customer balances approving loan applications and verifying customer information. specialize in establishing productive relationships with customers seeking finance options. looking forward to harnessing all existing skills and aligning it with a that has long term success and upward mobility. highlights solid knowledge of financing procedures and credit options within the auto industry ability to offer a variety of financing options to customers adapt at effectively supervising smaller and larger staffs ability to establish and maintain an updated customer database proficient at working well independently and in a team environment extensive internal and external communication and organizational skills accomplishments top finance manager of the year for the past 2 years. 2002 salesman of the year 2003 closer of the
__label__FINANCE manager of finance professional manager of finance professional summary highly motivated individual with demonstrated proficiency in listening to clients needs and formulating the tactical plan to achieve the best results for all parties involved. constantly explores new and challenging opportunities to further elevate client loyalty and boost revenues. known for honesty integrity and a genuine passion for setting and achieving goals for self while helping others attain theirs. superior interpersonal dynamics interface seamlessly with others from all levels backgrounds and cultures. respected for maintaining a professional and positive demeanor. career achievements quickly recognized financial instability within the company. immediately identified the cause and formulated a plan that successfully resulted in the avoidance of bankruptcy which showed the stability needed to acquire an additional million dollars from investors. finance and operations director for a multi million dollar premium finance as well as agent within the parent simultaneously. developed professional partnerships through interpersonal skills integrity and honesty. successfully obtained licenses through the of north carolina allowing me to become an insurance agent for property and casualty for home and auto. developed and streamlined a system of checks and balances to ensure proper resolution of financial situations resulting in a 95 return of premium after cancellation. trained
__label__TEACHER teacher summary experienced detail-oriented teacher summary experienced detail-oriented program manager with excellent communication problem solving and strategic planning skills. passionate about networking community engagement building partnerships training and educational equity. summary of qualifications 9 years of professional experience in teaching facilitating and training familiar with culturally responsive teaching cultivates relationships teachers exceptional organization and time management skills ability to multi task and remain flexible trained in business leadership and management member of denver metro chamber of commerce excellent presentation and communication skills verbal written and interpersonal proficient in microsoft office suite trained in diversity and inclusion strategies experience in higher education masters degree in education experience with work based learning opportunities community outreach specialist certified in conflict and dispute resolution knowledge of educational trends expectations climate deep understanding ela familiarity with denver plan experience teacher sep 2015 to jul 2017 knowledge and understanding of dps practices framework and mission collaborate with school administration and denver public school leadership data driven instruction and curriculum design understanding of educational policy locally and nationally engaged with immigrant and refugee families community leaders and pre-collegiate programs for students in the metro denver area service learning coordinator nov 2013 to sep 2014 created curriculum focused on job shadowing and
__label__BANKING financial analyst highlights microsoft financial analyst highlights microsoft excel and powerpoint intermediate capital iq intermediate factset intermediate snl intermediate bloomberg beginner/intermediate spss intermediate experience july 2015 to current financial analyst support ceo and corporate operating committee directly by shaping and implementing aig s strategy on a global level initiate evaluate and execute m a deals and innovation investments in order to enable aig s inorganic growth selected transaction experience and strategic projects 500 million divestiture work with senior management to identify 208 million of allocated versus direct expenses in order to make normalizing adjustments to pretax operating income ptoi and drive up valuation price of divested entity craft marketing language and organize flow of confidential information memorandum in order to prepare leadership for management discussions with potential buyers manage virtual data room track buyer due diligence questions and assist in all steps of running the divestiture process joint venture merger to expand commercial business by 200 million analyze portfolio of joint venture partner in order to compare net premiums written of aig s book of business to partner s strategize with senior management to produce non-binding first round presentation in order to engage partner in equal and active ownership of the joint entity 20
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant professional summary senior accountant professional summary senior accountant who completes accounting activities with accuracy and speed with extensive experience in full life cycle of general ledger accounting skills aderant/cms excel quickbooks pro sql access peachtree hyperion financial reporting us gaap principles ifrs bookkeeping budget development individual tax returns essbase work history senior accountant mar 2006 - current reconcile various balance sheet accounts not limited to cash and liability accounts including bank statements for the purpose of maintaining the accuracy of the general ledger in accordance with cash gaap and various international tax legislative basis. perform the primary liaison function for the interim and annual audits performed by deloitte. perform assigned schedules for interim and annual audits. assist auditors with understanding of firm s internal controls which include revenue and expenditure cycle. review and analyze journal entries from the original accounting source and if a variance from the general ledger is found initiate discussions with specialists in accounts receivable accounts payable payroll and tax department to resolve the discrepancy. review and analyze international payrolls in aspect of income tax local tax consumption tax and fringe benefit deductions for seoul shanghai and tokyo office and upload into aderant/cms for posting into the general ledger.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS editor summary detail-oriented and editor summary detail-oriented and organized. accurate and well versed in database management. strong organizational technical and analytical skills. successfully manages multiple data entry projects at once. goes above and beyond given job responsibilities to achieve superior results and maintain company-wide data integrity. focused on delivering high quality results in a timely manner. highlights strong financial administration grant management budget management goal planning business and office administration community outreach team leadership strong problem solver human resources administration workshop and orientation presentations excellent organization skills editing and proofreading microsoft office products pleasant demeanor filing and data archiving customer service-oriented experience editor sep 2002 to current oversee layout design and content of featured publications. select relevant material for each issue considering cost and benefit. generate ideas for feature articles with the writing staff. commission work by freelance and in-house writers. manage writing staff and liaise with artists and photographers. arrange for copyright permissions. raise the profile of the magazine. network and recruit for sponsorships. ensure staff meets established deadlines. bookkeeping specialist jun 2012 to oct 2014 financial administration and oversight of... accounts receivable a/r and accounts payable a/p . insurances and contracts. monthly records/planning/reconciliation of all bank accounts. daily invoices and primary databases.
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary current accountant professional summary current accountant with the of alexandria with over 15 years experience in the accounting industry. knowledge in governmental accounting procedures financial statement preparation general ledger activity budget preparation analysis bank reconciliations accounts payables receivables payroll fixed assets tax preparation audit procedures. skills 15+ years of experience in accounting bookkeeping services financial statements bank reconciliations and general ledger expertise flexible team player responsible concise detail oriented microsoft word excel access powerpoint outlook expertise banner finance xtender asset keeper pro quickbooks software proficiency work history accountant aug 2013 - current help prepare financial statements and bank reconciliations. responsible for accounts payable fixed assets for the of alexandria. perform accounts payable functions for governmental expenses. manage vendor accounts and prepare 1099s for contract labor. prepare record journal entries reconcile asset accounts including surplus depreciation expense and the purchase addition of new assets. organize new asset tagging yearly department assets counts. organize and carry out efficient month-end quarterly and year-end processes. record journal entries and perform accounting on accrual basis for year end procedures. work closely with gohsep to gain reimbursement of expenses from hurricanes katrina rita gustav isaac. maintain integrity of general ledger including chart of accounts. accountant aug 2009
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY vice president information technology vice president information technology - software engineering professional summary a results-driven and business minded technology leader with 20+ years of experience in technology and software development. a professional who is passionate about developing people and teams to reach their greatest potential. a thought leader that partners with business to drive strategy from conception to execution. a team player that places a priority on networking relationship building and diversity to achieve the greatest possible outcome. a progressive technology leader with an innovative and growth mindset. skills people centered leadership strategic tactical planning software engineering designing architecting systems coaching and talent development building a culture of innovation and engagement transformation and change advocate work history vice president information technology - software engineering 03/2018 to current leading all aspects of it application development and corporate systems teams encompassing 100+ it associates plus consultants 20 m budget key capital trans-formative projects for the full life-cycle of delivering world class business solutions. supporting company-wide fit for growth initiative which focuses on improving customer and associate experience by transforming business processes and leveraging modern technology solutions replacing antiquated systems. leading technology transformation focused on re-platforming legacy core systems to a cloud and microservices/containers-based architecture running on
__label__HR hr director summary over hr director summary over 20 years experience in recruiting 15 plus years in human resources executive management 5 years of hris development and maintenance 4 years working in a healthcare enviroment skills recruiting fmla/eeo/flsa hris development benefit administration policy development web page development accomplishments kansas health institute -health outcomes for the of kansas -1999 memberships and accolades project management institute member shrm chamber of commerce 1999 friends university president s honor roll 1997 friends university dean s honor roll student liaison for friends university topeka member of mother-to-mother member of the topeka advertising federation several production pieces created nominated for addy awards received recognition for outstanding customer service assistance by the of kansas travel and tourism department. ashhra kahhr acm. additional information leading change -i have been instrumental in development and implementation of the adjutant general s retention research project involving survey development and analyzing the results of the surveys to present to the adjutant general to help retain the qualified talent of the departments. i have been tasked with working with the federal security manager for the joint forces headquarters in developing policies procedures and processes to ensure that all current and new employees have the appropriate security clearances
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology supervisor summary information technology supervisor summary seeking a position as an information technology specialist. over 5 years of information technology experience in the u.s. army including over 1 year of supervisory experience. trained personnel in the set-up of it equipment ensuring all equipment is properly connected and functioning. regularly troubleshoot and install various it equipment and systems. accountable for the maintenance and inventory of over 1 million worth of it and other communications equipment with zero losses or damages. possess a security and microsoft certification and a secret security clearance. highlights excellent communication techniques manufacturing systems integration multidisciplinary exposure design instruction creation project management complex problem solver advanced critical thinking sharepoint microsoft excel project and visio accomplishments army achievement medal for impacting the communications network and overall success of key resolve 13 in yong san korea. air force achievement medal for supporting operation iraqi freedom and performing as an outstanding senior controller. certificate of achievement for outstanding support as a member of the tiger team during the windows 7 migration. good conduct medal for exemplary behavior efficiency and fidelity in active federal military service. experience information technology supervisor 01/2011 to 05/2014 supervise up to 10 personnel at one time delegating tasks conducting
__label__HR hr generalist summary energetic hr generalist summary energetic bilingual human resources professional offering 11 years of extensive and successful experience administering various hr plans and procedures. emphasis on recruitment/retention management and hr principles practices. expertise in employee relations and organization development through education and experience seeks a similar role to produce immediate growth contribution to a rewarding company. highlights hiring and retention training and development compensation and benefits new hire orientation compensation administration/payroll mediation expertise employee relations labor agreements regulatory compliance knowledgeable in all hr systems experience hr generalist 12/2014 to current develops human resources policies procedures plans and budgets. the safety of the workforce for recruitment development and compensation of a superior workforce. develops an employee-oriented culture that emphasizes quality continuous improvement and high performance. conduct new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems. serve on the executive management team and assists and advises managers about human resources issues with regards to compensation benefits compliance organizational development hris training development and employee relations. review and provide comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies. create
__label__APPAREL supervisor summary results-oriented strategic supervisor summary results-oriented strategic sales professional with thirty years in the retail industry. highlights inforem excel word mainframe applications telxon lotus notes training and development results-oriented accomplishments reduction in shrink with total store awareness. increased sales with coaching customer service awareness. achieved award on credit card sales with training staff to sell the benefits of the card. award and trip to home office for outstanding performance. award for staff of the month. experience april 2013 to current supervisor provide training and direct supervision for all clients. demonstrate actual job functions during training process. maintain appropriate work standards to the highest degree within the community. cpr first aid cards up to date. within three months i supervised my own team on community job. train all the new hires for enclave supervisor position. complete the weekly schedule for all enclave supervisor s and enclave clients. moved into the workshop area to train and coach clients too prepare for jobs in our community. train all new staff in the workshop area to prepare our clients for community jobs. staff of the month award. november 2007 to march 2013 store manager oversee the entire store for merchandising and standards. develop creative plans to increase
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary understand property insurance policies 12 years experience evaluating and valuing fixed assets and building values within a high volume environment understanding of insurance and accounting capital asset valuation using direct standard and normal costing techniques with consistency and accuracy extensive knowledge of an appraisal and the appraisal review process and its guidelines as it pertains to government specifications such as uspap proficient in gasb csam sacs gaap requirements experience business development manager 01/2014 to current developed a west coast presence for cbiz valuation group in the public entity and private sector segments developed and managed a cultivated sales pipeline for the follow sales territory california arizona new mexico utah nevada texas oklahoma alaska and hawaii successfully cold called commercial insurance brokers and risk managers to set sales meetings for new opportunities attended and exhibited in insurance related conferences throughout sales territory and nationally. branch manager trainee 08/2004 to 06/2005 helped achieve branch s sales and margin goals ensured positive customer service experience by effective management of rental process maintained positive individual sales goals and customer service goals grew branch sales using business to business sales tactics maximized sales margin by upselling customers to higher-priced services and
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager profile lean engineering manager profile lean manufacturing professional with 20 years experience in lean manufacturing and continuous improvement. highly skilled in all lean six sigma initiatives. skills microsoft office visio inventor lean manufacturing spc fmea minitab process improvement professional experience 12/2015 to 08/2016 engineering manager build the foundation for the engineering department at airmate company. lead develop and mentor a group of engineers on daily tasks project assignments and project timelines. standardized estimating process improving estimations from -30 to +5 . implement engineering change control process. 01/2009 to 12/2015 process technician lead lean/continuous improvement projects to develop standardize and improve manufacturing processes. approve engineering decision on material dimensional specifications processes and tolerances. validate and verify new product designs. participate and lead 3p events. 03/2005 to 01/2009 quality engineer valve value stream handled all customer complaints and corrective actions. proactively visited customers regarding quality or process improvements. maintained apqp database which included pfema s control plans product profiles and all applicable work instructions. performed capability studies on both machines and processes. assisted with the development of new products and new processes. 01/2003 to 01/2005 process technician valve value stream created and maintained value stream maps. championed or led kaizen events derived from value
__label__FITNESS certified personal trainer and certified personal trainer and group fitness instructor summary wellness professional certified personal trainer and group fitness instructor with formal training not only in health and fitness but also business development leadership marketing and communications. extensive sales and customer service experience. goal oriented and self-motivated with talent in motivating others and takes great pride in developing customized fitness and nutrition plans to meet individual client goals. core qualifications individual and group fitness programming specialist excellent sales and communication skills wellness coach new customer acquisition fitness assessments multi-media marketing fitness equipment operation special events planning weight management expert ms office proficient understanding of human anatomy relationship building expert certified ace personal trainer exceptional multi-tasker afaa certified group fitness instructor organized and efficient tabata boot camp certified coach motivated team player goal-oriented education master of science communications - media management 1995 virginia commonwealth university usa communications - media management concentration communications marketing and public relations. coursework in business management with a focus on media. additional coursework in economics and finance. bachelor of arts journalism marketing 1985 radford university usa journalism marketing experience certified personal trainer and group fitness instructor march 2013 developed and implemented training programs to ensure clients reach fitness goals. led
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager qualifications information technology manager qualifications strong communication skills web application design working independently html leadership adobe acrobat professional it governance adobe photoshop requirements gathering adobe dreamweaver software development life cycle windows server 2008 principles sdlc windows server 2012 project management active directory system administration sql help desk administration microsoft office database design sap business objects/web intelligence microsoft sharepoint asp.net business operations c++ database development disaster recovery forms development grants development html computer support marketing materials microsoft access microsoft sql server oracle database pl/sql personnel management purchasing report writing requirements gathering sql strategic planning user manuals training materials troubleshooting upgrade web development workflow experience information technology manager april 2005 to current - managed computer support staff of college serving over 150+ employees responsible for planning and implementation of major modifications/upgrade to the entire computing environment of the college involved in it governance efforts of the campus to develop infrastructure and security policy overseen help desk support which included troubleshooting hardware software and windows servers managed multiple projects varying in scope time frame and difficulty to develop applications or other it solutions for various needs of the faculty staff and students. administer data needs of the college including data security database development/maintenance and
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant highlights technical skills accountant highlights technical skills netsuite quickbooks excel power point mas 90 oracle accomplishments primary focus included small business administration loans and outstanding debts from the department of homeland security department of defense and the department of health human services dean s list experience accountant july 2012 to current handle invoicing receivables consisting of 15 million in yearly sales review credit applications and issue credit terms review purchase orders to ensure proper amounts are received into inventory set up all vendors and customer records to ensure proper documentation is documented including tax exemption certificates and 1099 information month end reconciling for bank accounts and loan accounts file all sales tax returns which currently consists of six states manage all credit card expenses including account reconciling and employee expense reports for approximately 40k in monthly charges review monthly gl including expense accounts fixed assets and cogs review sales and commission reports provide payroll support review inventory warranties and service cases to ensure accurate records are kept sales use tax administrator june 2011 to june 2012 file approximately 1 million in monthly sales and use tax returns throughout the north central region including eleven states of chicago north dakota propane and minnesota care
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations assistant professional public relations assistant professional summary my past experiences in academic and employment settings have developed the traits necessary for me to become an important team member in your organization. i am seeking a position that affords skill development and career advancement. i consider myself to be an excellent communicator while being a creative thinker and a strong problem solver. core qualifications public relations marketing event planning and social media facebook twitter instagram linkedin pinterest google+ microsoft office excel word power point and publisher systems raiser s edge and pod experience public relations assistant july 2013 to current interface with public relations agency daily to assist with media requests in a timely manner. coordinate interviews between reporters renfrew staff and renfrew alumni. staff media shoots and serve as liaison between journalists and renfrew staff. formulate press releases byline articles and media advisories. maintain and post creative and timely copy/content to facebook twitter instagram linkedin and google+ 4 900 likes on facebook 1 980 followers on twitter 1 320 followers on instagram and 2 150 followers on linkedin. participate in bi-weekly meetings with public relations agency to effectively coordinate key initiatives. prepare and send out industry news to more than 300 members.
__label__FINANCE finance office associate professional finance office associate professional summary detail-oriented diligent and accuracy-driven individual with a b.sc in accounting and ms./mba degree in finance. in the past years gained vast experience/skills in office operations with top-notch handling of office communications logistics and records. in the banking and accounting industry focused on balancing customer needs and relations while ensuring bank security regulatory requirements and protection protocols. skills communication skills written verbal office administration phones faxing filing spreadsheet development management microsoft office suite customer service analytical problem solving organizational and follow up skills multi tasking time management invoice processing- oracle ebs reconciliation work history 04/2021 to current finance office associate prepared meeting materials and took clear notes to distribute to stakeholders. collaborated inter-departmentally to assist with workflow and gather reports and data for assistant finance director. managed over 30 vendors and reconciled invoices when necessary. restocked supplies and placed purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels. developed and maintained spreadsheets in excel to track and chart information such as call center reports and employee payroll deductions. coordinated efficient calendars for account receivable manager and section heads by factoring in schedule availability and load limitations. processed invoices and expenses using oracle ebs to facilitate on-time payment and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development summary looking for the greatest opportunity to use my years of experience in business development and client relationship buiding to work for a reputed that i can help grow and prosper skills business development client relationship builder alternative transportation specialist client account management contract negotiations customer driven experience 05/2009 to current director of business development responsible for developing new business opportunities for corporate municiple and university markets over 43 million in annual revenues. created over 25 new commuter programs from the ground up for fortune 500 companies in the bay area. created new revenue streams through new municiple and university accounts including the of los angeles university of california berkeley and san francisco university - over 10 million annually. accountable for marketing and prospecting through cold calls and networking. responsible for face to face meetings and presentations with prospective clients. manage the follow up process including sending follow up marketing materials phone calls emails and dialogue on a consistent basis until the relationship is recognized. obtained new multi-million dollar account within first four months of employment. develop and prepare proposals for major private and municipal transportation projects through cold calls and requests for proposals. executive management
__label__FINANCE finance and accounting specialist finance and accounting specialist experience finance and accounting specialist 11/2005 to 11/2017 collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes. reconciled financial accounts using innoprise software. assisted in the implementation of innoprise and water software. managed all payments processing invoicing and collections tasks. processed invoice payments and recorded information in account database. increased customer satisfaction by greeting visitors promptly and professionally. improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments clients and vendors. managed the receptionist area including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. buyer 07/1996 to 02/2005 worked closely with managers to plan buys. directed transportation initiatives to maximize efficiency. performed detailed reviewed of high and low performing products. recommended optimal suppliers after qualifying vendors and evaluating proposals. negotiated favorable contracts and determined lowest possible cost factoring in quality and reliability by analyzing data. administrative assistant 03/1990 to 05/1995 planned travel arrangements meeting agendas supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences. managed the receptionist area including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes. dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office. made copies sent faxes
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare documentation services delivery healthcare documentation services delivery manager professional summary a dependable and motivated professional experienced in managing multiple projects in a fast paced deadline driven environment. posses strong organizational and communication skills. strong technical proficiency that includes working knowledge of microsoft office word excel access and outlook with the ability to quickly learn new technology and software applications. works well independently with the ability to prioritize and multi-task efficiently with minimal supervision skill highlights new employee orientations staff training and development microsoft office suite expert maintains confidentiality hr policies and procedures expertise people-oriented organized exceptional communicator schedule management problem resolution deadline-oriented report analysis results-oriented self-directed time management professional and mature dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills education and training rowland high school high school diploma east san gabriel valley occupational program microsoft office specialist course skills human resources scheduling and payroll interviews new hire training and orientation microsoft word excel access powerpoint and outlook electronic time card and scheduling applications multitasking in a fast paced environment extremely organized communication proficiency team oriented with the ability to build strong relationships with individuals at various levels dead-line results driven time management works well with little or no supervision professional experience january 2009 to january
__label__CONSULTANT color consultant summary adaptable color consultant summary adaptable and ambitious administrative professional with 5+ years experience in accounting and finance real estate as well as customer service. experience november 2016 to current color consultant sephora is one of the largest cosmetic retailers world wide. as a color consultant my daily responsibilities include achieving the stores daily sales goal by assisting clients with their product purchases. analyzing skin condition and make appropriate product recommendations. working as a team with colleagues and participating in weekly competitions/games themes etc. stocking shelves supplies and organizing displays. developing positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service. june 2012 to september 2016 office manager mchugh cpa group is a family owned accounting office located in atlanta ga. microsoft proficency meticulous attention to detail strong problem solving and customer service were required skills needed as an office manager. daily responsibilities preperation of tax returns e-filing and poa s power of attorney . managed accounts payable/recievable. oversaw inventory and office supply purchases. helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office. performed complex general accounting functions including preperation of journal entries account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations. screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews. march 2011 to july
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY database programmer/analyst .net developer database programmer/analyst .net developer summary software engineer with 2 years in web developer specializing in front end development. proficient in software development life cycle sdlc and scrum agile methodologies of development process to produce software solutions by team. involved in designing planning developing and implementing microsoft .net based solutions that meet quality and code standards. developed web based applications using c# asp.net javascript jquery css bootstrap css html xml and ajax. strong experience in data retrieval and manipulation using ado.net data objects such as dataset data reader data list data adaptor entity frame work. good experience in writing class library using c# linq to sql queries in database access layer to interface with sql database. worked extensively with .net server controls web user controls data grid web control form validation controls and created custom controls. worked on creating and modifying table definitions stored procedures in sql database. modified and written web services using c# to interact with the other applications so data can be served. used red gate sql compare to deploy database from one server to another server dev - test/qa .worked on .net security features such as form-based authentication and role-based authorization. involved in bug fixes and production
__label__ADVOCATE president/chief executive officer executive president/chief executive officer executive profile chief executive with experience in offering outstanding presentation communication and cross-cultural team management skills. high-energy results-oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. skill highlights leadership/communication skills project management regulatory affairs budgeting expertise employee relations human resources market research and analysis staff development core accomplishments spearheaded successful completion of a 5 million dollar capital campaign. increased the overall organizational revenue from 10 to 11.5 million. expanded residential services from twenty six 26 to thirty-five 35 bed capacity due to community needs. introduced and implemented foster care services to decrease continuum of service gaps. recognized by the columbus foundation as a nonprofit to watch in 2015. professional experience president/chief executive officer oct 2010 to current the chief executive officer is responsible for the administration of all programs of st. vincent family centers in accordance with the stated purposes of st. vincent family centers and the general policies formulated by the board of directors. in conjunction with the nomination committee recruit and orient new members of the board of directors to st. vincent family centers. provide information to the board related to funding structures programmatic changes and other pertinent information in relations to the operations of the agency. monitors
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations manager summary public relations manager summary interpersonal skills public relations.... blabla experience public relations manager may 2009 to mar 2012 organizing events for the employees celebrations trainings meetings promoting internships internal and external communication officer at la poste regional direction in marseille from june to december 2008 organizing events for the employees celebrations trainings meetings promoting the organization development strategy among employees and contribute maintaining a good level of satisfaction at work promote new services offered by la poste to important clients in the region constantly animate the intranet through articles about the business or illustrating good practices or employees of the month writing articles for the journal jourpost press releases regarding my projetcs at hand or sales pitches aimed at heads of departments about the organization leading strategy in order for them to inform their team. public relations officer may 2007 to jul 2015 contribute to organize the annual fair event papier 2007 find artists catering spot promote the agac in order to find sponsors to support the association during the annual recurrent fair event papier suggest a marketing strategy plan to appeal to private as well as public donators photography assistant at the photo gallery at paris match hachette filipacchi
__label__APPAREL substitute teacher summary seeking substitute teacher summary seeking an administrative position where my professional experience and education will allow me to make an immediate contribution as an integral part of a progressive which will require me to apply my knowledge to assist the in the accomplishment of its goals and develop excellent work environment. extensive background in hr generalist affairs including experience in recruitment and retention staff development mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation highly knowledgeable in hr policies development and legal compliance ability to balance the books and handle finances in a responsible manner effectively developed team building programs including writing personal manuals corporate policies job descriptions and management reports bilingual fluent in spanish and english experience substitute teacher december 2014 to may 2015 prepare classwork based on lesson plans established by the primary teacher. demonstrate versatility in methods of instruction by understanding the lesson development plan. demonstrate and understanding of adopting school cultural practices by observing teachers and adapting quickly to work environment. ability to manage time with teachers and students within the adopting school schedule. frequently substituted teachers for esl/esol spanish elementary level and special education classes. managed to be selected as a paraprofessional for students with special needs. genesis tcm
__label__HEALTHCARE audit and recovery specialist audit and recovery specialist summary proficient and highly skilled customer support specialist with years of experience seeking to use my extensive background in customer relations collections and sales into an intermediate-level position with future advancement. experience audit and recovery specialist 01/2016 to current review investigate analyze and resolve key issues at the provider and client level. manage outstanding inventory as assigned by maintaining daily call volume and inventory turnover rate expectations. adhere to all escalation timeframes and re-status inventory according to department guidelines. interface and collaborate with various levels at the provider level to communicate outstanding inventory issues and attempt continuous follow-up throughout the order to cash revenue cycle. utilize and contribute to refining department policy and procedures. identify and communicate process improvements which result in operational efficiencies. ensure systematic data oriented efforts to improve consumer and/or client services. serve as resource and subject matter expert to less experienced staff. collaborate coordinate and communicate across disciplines and departments. ensure compliance with hipaa regulations and requirements. demonstrate commitment to the s core values. the position responsibilities outlined above are in no way to be construed as all encompassing. other duties responsibilities and qualifications may be required and/or assigned as necessary. healthcare
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. a career that includes everything from small fast casual to high end dining and catering. skills creativity in menu planning and presentation knowledgeable in heart healthy cooking safe and healthy work atmospher haccp serv-safe certified customer service focuses passionate about cooking forward thinking highly organized excellent communicator delegates effectively motivational good sense of humor team builder and self-motivated accounting budgeting forecasting and p l proficient in ms office including word excel powerpoint and outlook. implements effective systems work history executive chef 03/2014 to current accountable for every aspect of all food and beverage budgets. responsible for ordering all china glass silverware and all smallwares. responsible for all kitchen training including recipe use grill saut fry steam garde manger knife handling equipment use and safety and sanitation serv-safe certified . monitored all ordering of food constant developing of vendor relations quality control on all food products managed systems including daily check lists cooler/freezer logs haccp logs schedules and weekly safety meetings with initial and continual employee training. nearly all food produced in house
__label__ARTS coordinator of student personnel coordinator of student personnel services professional summary i am an experienced engaging and dynamic leader seeking an opportunity for growth within ccisd s student personnel services department. i consistently demonstrate effective communication public relations and interpersonal skills and maintain a personal expectation for positive customer-service-driven interactions with all students parents faculty/staff and community stakeholders. i possess excellent organizational skills as well as the ability to maintain emotional control under stress and to work with frequent interruptions. skills project management conflict resolution process implementation self-motivated strong verbal communication extremely organized work history coordinator of student personnel services // // july 2015 to current director of student personnel services suzanne thomas 281 284-0175 i lead the clear falls high school counseling team to cooperatively plan implement and evaluate campus programs and activities consistent with ccisd s expectations for a comprehensive counseling and guidance program. i serve as a resource for students parents teachers counselors administrators and community groups with the goal of maximizing each student s personal growth and potential. it is my primary responsibility to lead the campus counseling team to consistently provide proactive developmentally appropriate personal and group counseling effective crisis management timely access to community health and human services
__label__TEACHER teacher summary a dedicated teacher summary a dedicated teacher and marine corps veteran experienced in many different working environments i am accustomed to leading coworkers in both large and small teams to create innovative solutions. highlights experience working special needs students knowledgeable in distance learning techniques goal setting strong communication skills ms office deadline-oriented employee training and development experience august 2007 to december 2016 teacher teaching a variety of asynchronous courses law government algebra sociology pennsylvania history political science to all students across multiple schools in multiple states. create and implement individualized academic plans for gifted students as well as students with disabilities. create new courses for delivery via multiple lms platforms to client schools to include all content and assessments . as department chair duties included leading a team of 8 teachers while maintaining a high level of professionalism and technical proficiency training new teachers and maintaining appropriate records. as sap coordinator duties included identifying and communication to the appropriate team members those student behaviors that presented a threat to student learning and ensuring at-risk students were connected with relevant social services. supervisor rodney slappy 1 866-990-6637 april 2006 to july 2007 appraisal coordinator manage process of national real estate appraisals. facilitate communication
__label__ARTS packaging buyer/research and development packaging buyer/research and development lead summary seeking a full time position in operations purchasing inventory control logistics and/or inside sales management. highlights operations training and development management/problem solving customer service/team building human resources/eduphoria supply chain/procurement/planning distribution/logistics/shipping purchasing/sap/rigid packaging inventory control/warehouse research and development/marketing ceridian/iemployee/paychex deja/facetwin ap/ar experience 01/2013 to current packaging buyer/research and development lead maintains all purchase orders and vendor acknowledgements. updates vendor weekly open order reports with accurate eta s in sap. requests component skus with itemsetupgroup in procurement dept. updates pir and source list information costs lead times specifications moqs etc. per supplier and maintaining master vendor agreements and insurance. updates back order reports for upper management to review weekly. preserves all new and existing artwork for compliance purposes. runs the zbar report weekly and following up with the suppliers with regard to demand and production planning changes. schedules all outbound and inbound shipments with suppliers. assists with truck requests information/notes in sap for each shipment. mails and tracks packages/shipments sent out to vendors for working projects. packaging lead on research and development team for all new projects and licensing agreements with potential and existing clients. assists in following up and resolving all ar/ap issues with accounting
__label__DESIGNER marketing specialist graphic designer marketing specialist graphic designer professional summary accomplished creative marketing professional with proven success in graphic design corporate marketing communications project and event management and print production management. recognized for the ability to perform multiple tasks at one time while meeting multiple client needs completing projects efficiently and within or under budget and having a high attention to detail. respected for always setting and meeting high quality standards being a team player willing to do whatever is needed to get the job done and building and maintaining honest and loyal relationships. seeking creative position that will allow me to use my creative abilities and business acumen to bring a brand to life. core qualifications adobe photoshop illustrator and indesign as well as microsoft office programs powerpoint word and excel. areas of knowledge and expertise include art direction design illustration photography corporate brand strategy graphic design proficient in adobe creative suites corporate marketing communications creative print and digital content development event/trade show management print production management project management experience marketing specialist graphic designer january 2005 to january 2016 managed strategic direction of corporate brand strategy and creative design for all marketing communications including advertising digital sales collateral trade publications website event marketing
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary 8+ senior accountant summary 8+ years of accomplished experience in the field of accounting team and organizational training from a major global public corporation exceptionally fast efficient and organized knowledge of all accounting functions gl pl and bs - budgets forecasting variance analysis trend analysis financial reporting reconciliations work papers journal entries accruals ap ar experience in gaap and statutory accounting and monthly and year-end closing processes highlights oracle financial peoplesoft microsoft dynamics nav microsoft office suite outlook lotus notes experience senior accountant 06/2015 to current prepare examine or analyze accounting records financial statements or other financial reports to assess accuracy completeness and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. process prepare and maintain reporting related to inventory and all associated recurring and/or ad hoc journal entries account analysis financial reporting account reconciliation and system interface analysis cogs rebates adjustments other revenues in accordance with established general accounting policies and procedures summarize vendor contracts and/or annual contract amendments to extract financial pertinent information to determine rebate configuration for monthly/quarterly invoicing create review revenue loaders rebate billing invoices and track the payment status prepare communications such as memos presentation charts and process documentation and coordinate with other departments with assembling information for reporting
__label__AVIATION network administrator summary analytical network administrator summary analytical network administrator adept at resolving complex network issues. critical thinker who addresses customer support issues quickly and who consistently exceeds performance standards. highlights server administration technical documentation network security network management data backups disaster recovery project management lan knowledge proxy servers networking knowledge network design and implementation network troubleshooting network hardware configuration network performance tuning microsoft office expert microsoft certified solutions associate mcsa certificate dhcp/dns ethernet and firewall proficient ms office proficiency microsoft certified solutions associate mcsa of microsoft technology microsoft certified technology specialist mcts of microsoft technology exceptional telephone etiquette patient and diligent troubleshooting proficiency windows xp/vista proficient in avg printers pc security systems accomplishments exceeded monthly goals by successfully handling more than 80 trouble tickets per week. experience network administrator feb 2006 to mar 2016 establishes networking environment by designing system configuration directing system installation defining documenting and enforcing system standards. maximizes network performance by monitoring performance troubleshooting network problems and outages scheduling upgrades collaborating with network architects on network optimization. secures network system by establishing and enforcing policies defining and monitoring access. reporting network operational status by gathering prioritizing information managing projects. maximizing corporate network services uptime. giving over the phone email and
__label__AVIATION non commissioned security officer non commissioned security officer summary seeking an entry level position in a technology based using my skills and familiarization with apple/mac/windows operating systems. experience non commissioned security officer current understand and successfully execute post orders. manage typical issues and problems professionally. to serve as a general security presence and visible deterrent by continually performing duties in an alert professional manner. detect suspicious activities. observe criminal acts and rule infractions at or near my post which may be a threat to the facility the client or employees at my work site. report all incidents accidents or medical emergencies to the appropriate persons including my supervisor in a timely manner. monitor c cure and closed circuit camera system. issue temporary badges to contractors vendors and visitors with proper identification. monitor temperatures in the server room and reset alarms if any due to high/out of range temperatures. detailed daily activity reports dar with times and dates of important information. reset high temp alarms on site following procedure and protocol. maintained efficient operating systems within a closed/confined area. petty officer 3rd class aviation ordnanceman current provide security and physical protection for service members. train fellow sailors in security duties. assist in riot control and
__label__SALES sales coordinator summary looking sales coordinator summary looking for a position as an illustrator in a where my knowledge and skills can be utilize and enhance. highlights microsoft word excel photoshop cs6 internet savvy conceptual thinker strong leadership abilities team player. time management strong design sense highly organized and quick learner creative and artistic accomplishments obtain high position in military to implement certain skill sets to work well with people in everyday life experience 03/2016 to current sales coordinator able to operate material handling equipment e.g. hand truck pallet jack forklift etc. . tint paint and match colors when applicable. operate a computer and communicate via the telephone although slightly hearing impaired. poses great customer service skills including problem solving and handling customer complaints. good written and verbal communication skills. 03/2016 to current security guard secures premises and personnel by patrolling property monitoring surveillance equipment inspecting buildings equipment and access points permitting entry..prevents losses and damage by reporting irregularities informing violators of policy and procedures restraining trespassers.controls traffic by directing drivers.completes reports by recording observations information occurrences and surveillance activities. 02/2008 to 02/2016 maintenance chief in charge of the daily maintenance operation of preventive and corrective services for all of alameda s/hawaii amphibious equipment
__label__ADVOCATE community advocate summary dedicated community advocate summary dedicated and focused community advocate who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. certifications cpr and first aid highlights active listening skills time management courteous demeanor detail-oriented energetic work attitude telecommunication skills sharp problem solver adaptive team player strong organizational skills customer service expert flexible schedule experience community advocate nov 2015 to current made it my goal to promote the independence of disabled individuals. managed daily office operations and maintenance of community and consumer relations. offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the brand. collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire educational and joyful experience. balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. communicated fairplex policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management. lead human resource recruiter may 2012 to jan 2015 answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. helped customers select
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary innovative bilingual sales executive with more than 6 years of sales experience in mexico and usa successful at acquiring expanding and managing key corporate accounts core qualifications excellent customer service skills excellent research abilities customer retention negotiation skills tactfulness to generate positive image contract review experience business development manager 05/2010 to current responsible of the selling of hydraulic pneumatic equipment in mexico and usa to clients in the energy chemical mining industries meeting quotas of 1.4m usd annually by renewing contracts and opening new accounts within assigned territory pioneered sales outreach to potential us clients and developed sales plan to increase client base outside of mexico scheduling 2-3 in-person client meetings with potential us customers on a quarterly basis managing accounts in the energy industry like pemex and in the metallurgical chemical industry like met-mex pe oles developing business plans to identify key opportunities and deliver added value to up-sell products and services to key accounts booking customer follow-up calls or in-person meetings with top 50 accounts bi-monthly to maintain customer retention generating sales reports and forecasts for management review preparing quotations that meet customers specific needs and support collections efforts. sales representative 07/2009 to 04/2010
__label__TEACHER english teacher summary well english teacher summary well organized thorough dedicated professional with documented success in undertaking various tasks and responsibilities. experience in educational office and customer service environments. degree in social work and tesol certified teaching english to speakers of other languages. skilled in the use of technology and the presentation of impactful instruction in a classroom environment. skills creative lesson planning instructional best practices curriculum development classroom management standardized testing learner assessment technology-based instruction customer service problem resolution communication / presentation interpersonal relationships teamwork special needs students compliance / policies / procedures experience english teacher 08/2016 to 08/2017 planned and implemented lessons increasing vocabulary and sentence structure for students. organized and participated in school activities and english camp for summer and winter vacation periods. created challenging and engaging lesson plans. successfully improved students listening and speaking skills through diverse conversational activities. english teacher 11/2015 to 03/2016 taught english for kindergarten students. participated in school recreational and social activities and national holiday celebrations. shampoo staff 08/2007 to 01/2014 completed the shampooing procedure carefully after determining client s preferences . applied shampoo massaged scalped washed and dried hair. assigned schedules for employees organized products and the salon s appearance. recommended product solutions based on
__label__SALES sales associate skills teamwork sales associate skills teamwork problem solving skills strong work values leadership skills dependability relevant experience customer service oriented upselling opening and closing procedures creative accomplishments employee of the month sep 2015. experience 03/2016 to 06/2016 sales associate answered questions regarding the store and its merchandise. greeted customers and ascertained customers needs. helped customers with questions problems and complaints in person and via telephone. organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store. verified that all customers received receipts for purchases. developed positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service. served as a peer coach for new sales associates. created visual marketing and styled window displays. 04/2015 to 11/2015 cashier/server consistently provided professional friendly and engaging service. examine plates to ensure that they contain required items. load plates with accessories such as eating utensils napkins or condiments. take food orders and relay orders to kitchen. stock service stations with items such as ice napkins and straws. assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints. greet customers entering the establishment. maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans. receive payment by cash check credit cards
__label__CHEF owner personal chef areas owner personal chef areas of expertise career focus environmental scientist accomplished sales and marketing professional with bachelor of science degree in biology and master of business administration degree. professional background in environmental science and research and development industry. eight years experience growing and building successful home-based personal chef business. expert qualifications in identifying and capturing market opportunities to accelerate expansion increase revenues and build client base. areas of expertise include marketing business development client relationship management budgeting and general accounting creative sales strategies resolving client concerns pricing and sales analysis strong follow-up post-sale customer support proactive marketing concepts professional experience owner personal chef january 2006 to january 2014 established successful marketing and sales strategies including implementation of gourmet-to-go sales counter at local supermarket acquired 20 new clients within first year of business and continued growth throughout remainder of ownership managed entire selling cycle acquisition of new clients needs assessment bid proposal and pricing to negotiations sales closing and follow up. planned coordinated and executed events for up to 125 people accomplishments winner of local blue water area chamber of commerce freshwater flavors award during first year of business business by referral team facilitator for blue water chamber of commerce. environmental
__label__ACCOUNTANT financial accountant professional summary financial accountant professional summary client-focused sales representative with 8+ years of providing solutions to customers. solid understanding of the systems and program areas . top producing sales professional and expert in the solar industry. dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and expectations. regulatory reporting supervisor with 8 years experience. areas of expertise include accountng finance reporting skills. skills usgaap principles cash flow analysis accounting operations professional oracle proficiency hyperion financial management specialist account reconciliation specialist ms office suite budget analysis experience with regulatory filings ffiec 031 041 call reports fry9c filings fiscal budgeting strong in ms word and excel accounting procedures consultant invoice and payment transactions operations analysis consolidations finance and accounting strong banking ethics balance sheet expertise usgaap principles cash flow analysis accounting operations professional oracle proficiency hyperion financial management specialist account reconciliation specialist ms office suite budget analysis experience with regulatory filings ffiec 031 041 call reports fry9c filings fiscal budgeting strong in ms word and excel accounting procedures consultant invoice and payment transactions operations analysis strong verbal communication self-motivated budgeting and finance team leadership data management consolidations finance and accounting strong banking ethics balance sheet expertise staff development risk management processes and analysisonflict resolution project management work
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive professional business development executive professional summary business development/marketing professional experienced in sales management marketing technical presentation creation and service training. diligent and driven individual who has achieved success in a variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. an effective communicator and team-builder with strong analytical management and organizational skills. skill highlights new customer acquisition brand development account management prospecting analytical problem solver new program and promotion implementation financial analysis adept multi-tasker professional experience business development executive 06/2010 to current conducted informational and educational workshops at cuny/suny college campuses benefit fairs that increased credit union membership and exposure. implemented in house marketing design for brochures posters articles flyers newsletters e-marketing social media/web page content which saved over 10 000 annually. generated and maintained social media calendar for facebook twitter corporate bog etc. to ensure member engagement and that all content is reflective of current media and new product/service campaigns. identified issues with existing marketing material to drive process improvements. collaborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts identify potential customers and coordinate product demonstrations. loan manager 09/2001 to 06/2010 analyzed applicants debt to income ratio credit report financial and employment history to evaluate credit worthiness for personal auto educational credit card
__label__CHEF executive chef /chef manager executive chef /chef manager experience executive chef /chef manager 01/2014 to 01/2019 developed restaurant concept menu and recipes and oversaw daily restaurant operations for 100 gluten free corporate style cafe. created daily specials and rotating prepared food selections based on seasonal availability and customer demand. hired and managed all back of house staff and front of house staff. ensured personnel safety kitchen sanitation and proper food handling and storage. purchased food and cultivated strong vendor relationships. coordinated and organized all restaurant inventory. planned and executed catered events. considered seasonal product pricing and availability in development of promotional dishes and menu selections. modified standard recipes to account for ingredient issues or customer requests including allergen concerns. assured customer satisfaction in front of house. financial management including food cost labor. chef /banquet chef 01/2006 to 01/2014 prepared various a la carte menu items and seasonal specialties for 150 + seat country club. planned organized and oversaw food preparation of all banquet and catering events including weddings and golf tournaments for 75 - 275 people. ensured and maintained five-star quality of food preparation from planning purchasing preparing to plating. interacted with club members when preparing food at remote locations such as outside grilling
__label__HR hr administrator summary experience hr administrator summary experience recruiting coordinator with 6+ years supporting various industries. expert in managing background checks 60+ weekly. processing new hire paperwork scan upload and file in employees folders. proficient in ms excel - vlook up pivot tables and ms office as well as taleo sharepoint peoplesoft and adobe professional. initiated and managed background checks for 45 campus locations. tracked and processed 200+ background checks and job requisitions. processed new hire paperwork. scanned new hire paperwork into employees files electronically assisted in coordinating new hire onboarding orientation. highlights technical expertise adobe acrobat adp enterprise v5 adp select sap system application product ms excel pivot tables vlookup mas200 taleo ms outlook ms publisher adobe acrobat photoshop illustrator indesign peoplesoft sharepoint concur snagit accomplishments maintained graduate award budget via ms excel stipend tuition and fees experience hr administrator february 2015 to current provide administrative support to the director of hr and sr. generalist. verify employment requests for present and former employees ev5 and sap. process unemployment claims the same day via fax and mail enter benefit enrollments for new hires in ev5. onboard new hire paperwork in adp ev5 and sap process i9 paperwork. e-verify all new hires. manage monthly cobra
__label__BANKING branch manager/operations manager summary branch manager/operations manager summary skilled at identifying customer needs and presenting appropriate product and service offerings demonstrated ability to address customer concerns analyze situational elements and provide effective responses and solutions proficient skills to communicate orally and in writing expertise in resolving escalated customer service issues proficient with microsoft office suite. knowledgeable and innovative finance sales and marketing professional whose success is based on integrity exceptional customer service efficiency and ambition. experience branch manager/operations manager april 1973 to june 2000 i have taught a variety of banking-related courses for adult continuing-education classes affiliated with alvernia college and reading area community college. i have 15+ years of experience as the accountant/business manager for fleetwood bible church and was responsible for the management of a 500 000 annual budget. using excel i created and maintained detailed financial accounting and reporting forms and documents. i prepared all cash receipts and cash disbursements maintained and prepared financial statements for church board and congregation review and maintained all loan and deposit banking relationships. i was responsible for payroll preparation for all staff taxes records federal filings. i am proficient with word and excel and can quickly learn and use other software systems. i also have
__label__ADVOCATE level 2 critical platform level 2 critical platform support engineer career overview over 7+ years of it experience specializing in cloud/aix/linux/solaris and windows administration in production support of various systems on aix 5 6.1 linux redhat and suse . strong background knowledge of networking concepts and experience in network administration troubleshooting on aix based systems. experience in installation configuration tuning security backup recovery and upgrades of ibm aix. experience in installation and configuration on ibm system p p690/p650 p5-570 p5-550 p5-55a and p6-570 rs-6000 servers. experience in installation and configuration of virtual i/o server vios 1.5 and 2.1 . experienced in aix migration installation preservation installation and complete overwrite installation using cdrom and configuring nim server. strong knowledge and experience in logical volume management lvm storage and disk management configured hacmp 4.x/5.x to monitor disaster recovery detect and react to failure events allowing the system to stay available during random unexpected software problems and also configured to react to system events. experienced in infrastructure support team as linux/cloud/ administrator. hands on experience on cloud computing. administering all the rhel rhev and open stack cloud computing. familiar with designing high level architecture for implementation of hybrid cloud. experienced in doing capacity planning for new aix
__label__ENGINEERING facilities engineering manager professional facilities engineering manager professional summary provide leadership to developing engineering standards and ensure projects executed meet safety functional reliability budget and schedule goals for capital projects. liaise with upper level management and engineering daily to resolve technical and/or operational issues. continuous efficient and reliable operation using selected kpi s. lead the efforts in specifying and selecting materials and component parts and collaborate with our global organization to select and evaluate vendors taking advantage of vendor expertise to incorporate into designs improving quality and reducing costs. manage to continue successful operations throughout the account. develop a matrix to gather various utility expenditures and work to reduce annual costs. support key operations and business initiatives for operations design and facilities planning. provide deep technical expertise to the infrastructure group in the following areas building operations data center capacity planning power management hvac operation and management fire/water/smoke detection power monitoring preventative and corrective maintenance asset management and historic preservation. develop site solutions in support of various key infrastructure and business needs. work to help develop overall solutions for business projects spanning multiple disciplines and departments. prepare documentation including engineering designs inventory asset management physical view metrics and performance reporting to work directly with
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology internship summary information technology internship summary mba graduate specialized at a business management of the industries institution which crosses the fields such as healthcare and it to compare the optimal practices between the major players. to obtain an analyst position utilize professional skill and knowledge in business. preferably in business analyst. skills language chinese english and japanese professional skills microsoft office excel power point word outlook sql adobe suit flash photoshop illustrator 3d max others php java c# visual basic html cording programming customer relationship management crm erp system rfid e-commerce electronic product code epc financial accounting human resources hr business marketing international trade import and export app development sem analysis qms statistics healthcare. experience july 2014 to september 2014 information technology internship examined problems between users and systems. worked at different stations of hospital including er registration pharmacy central sterile supplies department cssd and medical supplies store room. september 2013 to december 2015 business analyst worked with tourism bureau to publish taiwan hot spring voucher in order to promote taiwan. generated 3k followers in facebook fan page within 3 months built and designed official website. may 2012 to january 2015 chief executive officer expand five new business sites two located at
__label__FITNESS branch manager summary more branch manager summary more than 5 years successful experience in customer service and support with recognized strengths in account maintenance problem-solving and trouble-shooting sales staff support and planning/implementing proactive procedures and systems to avoid problems in the first place. ability to work in partnership with leaders and different partners within the company. bilingual professional able to speak spanish and english fluently. ability to train motivate and supervise customer sales service employees. ability to multitask within fast paced environments capable of administrating high budgets while producing profits and raising standards. synopsis of achievements increased traffic and customer retention by 10 . developed great working relationships with co-workers and peers which resulted in great team engagement and success. proactive planning led to notable increase in drive and efficacy in my team. consistently recognize as top performer in the top 10 of company. utilized the tools provided to audit customer satisfaction and raise standards. exceeded expectations and raised the bar as a manager of retro fitness by administrating to standards and implementing improved techniques. accomplishments achievements alpha phi sigma rutgers school of criminal justice dean s list rutgers newark experience branch manager 01/2015 work closely in partnership with owners of the business in
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary hr professional consultant summary hr professional with nearly 5 years of experience with expertise in hr operations benefits employee relation hris payroll hr metrics employee database management. an expert communicator negotiator with strong conflict resolution skills. developing and implementing hr plans and procedures smoothly with little or no guidance. highlights microsoft office excel erp/platform sap oracle 11.x 12.x reporting excel cognos oracle bi discoverer time keeping kronos kaba compensation benefits management hris budgetary planning audit mis legal compliance training excel advance excel sap oracle cognos oracle hr implementation requirement gathering process flows testing training documentation recruit-to-retire process payroll benefits self service hr sshr sap hris payroll calculation benefits management personnel time management evaluation personal traits great communication skills excellent interpersonal skills dependable cooperative quick learner organized multitasking hr skills compensation benefits management hris budgetary planning audit mis legal compliance training excel advance excel sap oracle cognos oracle hr implementation requirement gathering process flows testing training documentation recruit-to-retire process payroll benefits self service hr sshr sap hris payroll calculation benefits management personnel time management evaluation personal traits great communication skills excellent interpersonal skills dependable cooperative quick learner experience january 2012 to april 2014 - managed compensation benefits for 1300 employees at l oreal
__label__CHEF owner/chef summary chef with owner/chef summary chef with 6 years of critically acclaimed work preparing delicious healthy dishes in multiple restaurants as well as starting own business. specializes in preparing menus that attract and retain customers. looking for a challenging role in culinary management. line cook with 15 years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. highlights sous vide technique strong butchery skills contemporary sauce work servsafe certified food handler focused and disciplined focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity high volume production capability accomplishments 2015 best customer service award from the taste dorchester experience owner/chef 08/2012 to 08/2015 opened and closed the store which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire shop. educated customers on product and service offerings. oversaw all daily operations. built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate employees. providing prompt efficient and friendly
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant iii summary talented accountant iii summary talented accountant employing creative teaching strategies to engage students fully in the learning process. a highly motivated accounting professional with a verifiable record of accomplishment spanning over thirteen years. highly creative recognized as a results-oriented and solution-focused individual. highlights areas of strength include accounts payable account reconciliation organizational skills grant management work as team player communication skills time management skills research abilities general ledger general journal computer skills microsoft office groupwise/outlook utshare experience january 2014 to current accountant iii responsible for grant management including preparing corrections cost transfers budget transfers invoices and final reports. request cash drawdowns and complete monthly reconciliations for grants and contracts. correspond with outside granting agencies and university grants and contracts department to verify billing details. monitor accounts receivable balances. january 2007 to january 2014 assistant accountant full charge processing of all functions related to accounts receivable accounts payable purchasing assists in year-end close out. independently research records and prepare journal entries as necessary. reconcile records and documents record general ledger entries. analyze accounting records for compliance with dcccd procedures. january 2006 to january 2007 accounting clerk b examined coded verified balanced and reconciled various kinds of transactions invoices and reports. reconciled specific
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology and analytics summary accomplished senior manager with over 15 years of experience leading complex projects and managing resources to optimize enterprise technology and support business objectives. committed to quality and service excellence with aptitude for launching new technology platforms. subject matter expert in information security risk management. excellent communicator adept at identifying business needs and bridging the gap between functional groups and technology to foster targeted and innovative solutions. highlights os/platforms microsoft windows server 2008/2012 exchange 2010 iis active directory dns networking cisco lan/wan asa/switching tcp/ip vpn voip sip mpls vnc vlan segregation hardware san/fiber technology enterprise servers switches routers workstations laptops mobile devices ipad/iphone/blackberry telephony systems cisco cucm tools jira veritas netbackup backup exec pcanywhere symantec antivirus ghost sharepoint visio microsoft office suite experience director of information technology and analytics january 2005 to current market-leading global credit asset management firm with 4 billion aum and over 120 employees worldwide. directed the firm s word-wide information technology strategy. established and instituted policies procedures and technology to mitigate corporate security risk and position zais for sarbanes-oxley act compliance. identified process improvement opportunities and recommended solutions and budget requirements to management committee. managed team of 6 resources responsible
__label__AVIATION concierge/doorman summary experience working concierge/doorman summary experience working in concierge military general office international domestic shipping. excellent interpersonal communication customer service and office support skills. windows/dos ms office data entry internet and internet research skills. skills friendly informative with residents guests and staff. quick to respond. strong sense of accountability. achieves business and individual developmental goals. able to handle medical emergencies technical problems in a calm and professional manner. commitment in outstanding customer service. very flexible work ethic. experience 11/2014 to current concierge/doorman provided professional and consistent concierge service to residents visitors and contractors. respond to email communications answer inquiries and offer suggestions. efficiently handle large call volume inquiries from tenants/guests. assist with administrative duties such as light copying fax requests and other requests as needed. provide updated information for local restaurants special events transportation etc. monitor lobby traffic and alerting residents of deliveries and arriving guests. provide all other job duties as requested by administrative/management staff. record and deliver messages to residents management leasing and relieving concierge. provide guests with information on valet and housekeeping services and ensure that additional housekeeping requests are fulfilled. activate or deactivate remotes or keys for guests checking in and checking out. 12/2007 to 11/2013 aviation ordnanceman handle
__label__APPAREL sr. merchandising audience lead sr. merchandising audience lead microsoft us online store summary sr. e-commerce merchandiser specializing in audience program development and targeted marketing campaigns. extensive knowledge in omni-channel retail buying planning product development and marketing. highlights business analysis online branding purchase funnel optimization retail marketing retail systems retail buying competitive analysis program development experience sr. merchandising audience lead microsoft us online store oct 2012 to current - sr. merchandiser/audience marketing lead for microsoftstore.com representing a combined annual revenue of 96m grew edu audience revenue +400 yoy within the first year by launching an evergreen offer across multiple categories spearheaded business development opportunities partnering with microsoft product management groups to create and execute meaningful targeted campaigns resulting in increased brand awareness customer acquisition and sales revenue drove site optimization through a/b and multivariate testing across site and through purchase funnel increasing conversion revenue and improving customer experience end to end product management documenting business requirements presenting to stake-holders engineering ux teams creative reviews qa production and deployment on live site category lead for email marketing campaigns content targeting seo sem and internal search term optimization merchandiser women s direct apparel apr 2007 to jul 2010 - merchandising/category management women s separates apparel in direct
__label__BANKING lead teller summary bank lead teller summary bank teller experienced in fast-paced financial environments. focused on maintaining high levels of accuracy and efficiency as well as achieving branch goals. my goal is to gain more hands on experience within the chosen work . i would like to expand my knowledge base to advance in position and gain recognition. highlights exceptional customer service excellent communication skills sales expertise strong sense of banking ethics practiced knowledge of bank security systems currency and coin counter safe and vault operation energetic strong work ethic experience july 2010 to june 2014 lead teller daily operation and balancing of a 25000 cash drawer processing deposits withdrawals payments assessed risks and approved transactions for myself and other team members routed proof deposit work to appropriate departments for nightly processing daily vault and atm balancing processed foreign currency transactions such as buying and selling of multiple international currencies completed control online tasks to keep in compliance made quality referrals for consumer and business account opening stepped in to assist the management team in the event the service manager was not in. august 2006 to july 2010 lead teller daily operation and balancing of a 75000 cash drawer processing deposits withdrawals payments assessed
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS intern claim representative human intern claim representative human resources generalist public affairs liaison superintendent executive profile to secure the role of corporate communications manager in an effort to utilize exceptional verbal and written communication techniques to implement and advance the organization s strategic goals exceptional written and verbal communication skills. experienced implementation of institution-wide changes to promote and encourage inclusion respect and dignity for all constituents. highly skilled in creating a palatable business case about the benefits associated with diversity and inclusion. proven capacity to collaborate proactively and diligently with stakeholders while furthering the organization s diversity and inclusion goals. dynamic interpersonal analytical organizational skills. proven competencies leadership relationship building strategic business focus self-improvement teamwork decision making and judgment adaptability inclusiveness agile quality accountability customer focus internal and external work ethic resourcefulness communication verbal and written critical thinking flexible initiative skill highlights project management leadership/communication skills human resources budgeting expertise negotiations expert employee relations self-motivated customer-oriented core accomplishments project management initiated organization migration efforts which resulted in a more streamlined enterprise human resources spearheaded new employee engagement staff development launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12 increase in productivity. professional experience intern claim
__label__TEACHER teacher skills charts excellent teacher skills charts excellent communication conferences conflict resolution critical thinking focus instruction instructional design lesson planning managing meetings office problem solving processes progress teacher teaching time management written experience teacher august 2004 to march 2014 teacher who develops curriculum with a child s biological cognitive and socio-emotional processes in mind. committed to the healthy maturation of every child involved. teacher august 2002 to june 2004 coordinated parent-teacher conferences during the school year. took on numerous backstage role is including running lights crew and box office. completed and filed all necessary paperwork for classroom activities including meal count sheets and. attendance logs. planned and implemented creative lessons in accordance with district county and federal guidelines. observed and evaluated students performance behavior social development and physical health. teacher august 1997 to june 2002 established daily routines that were easy for the children to follow. gave one-on-one attention to children while maintaining overall focus on the entire group. identified signs of emotional and developmental problems in children and reported to parents. monitored students educational progress with individual charts and files. addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management. teacher august 1996 to june 1997 l fostered reasoning and problem solving through
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction and design project construction and design project manager summary seasoned design and construction project manager with more than 13 years experience in managing multimillion projects in the us and abroad. expertise in coordinating and overseeing all aspects of design and construction from conceptualization to completion while providing continuous status reports to business owners and investors. proven track record of achieving construction goals and consistently completing projects on time and budget. fluency in english and italian with working knowledge of spanish and french. seeking to leverage success and experience to take next career step in a challenging project management position with a respected institution in connecticut. skills sage timberline software compeat quickbooks microsoft office suite word excel powerpoint outlook access experience construction and design project manager 10/2002 to current oversee all facets of project management for several multimillion-dollar restaurant and residential projects in new york and london including contract negotiations and administration project estimation material purchasing budget management and site management managed design and construction for 10 projects to date. coordinate with owner and investors during pre-construction phase to develop requirements scopes of work and budgets execute and manage budget and schedules from conception to completion. organize trades procure source materials and liaise between
__label__ARTS sixth grade english language sixth grade english language arts teacher profile middle school/secondary teacher committed to nurturing and inspiring students to explore define and transform their world. through literature history biblical reflection and creative christian interpretation this teacher seeks to challenge students to engage the world in dynamic and fruitful dialog. he will use effective dynamic and inspiring methods of teaching to guide students into discovering who one is called to be while defining one s place in the world. highlights lesson planning unit creating through backward design well versed in implementation of the common core academic performance evaluations iep familiarity differentiating lessons to address ec modifications professional learning community lead teacher sixth grade english language arts teacher eight years of teaching aig students english literacy tutoring experience served as a member of the academically/intellectually gifted committee siop trained for addressing ell needs sixth grade staff representative on the school improvement committee ms office proficient powerschool proficient bilingual in bahasa indonesia coached a battle-of-the-books academic competition team assistant coach for a district champion middle school soccer team assisted with coaching a local youth soccer team with 20 children for 2 years consulted with coaching staff of a district champion middle school soccer team accomplishments
__label__ARTS i.t. support technician/specialist career i.t. support technician/specialist career overview i have over 20 years experience working with customers users through martial arts businesses that i have owned. during this time i received first hand experience in sales and business management. i started training for a career in i.t. after i decided to transition from martial arts to an i.t. related field. in 2012 i started working as an intern at southern crescent technical college while i was going to college there. i have i.t. technician experience in working with and managing help-desk operations. because i have to work one on one with customers/clients i am proficient at explaining complicated technical concepts to users of varying degrees of technical understanding. i feel that i am a dynamic computer technician experienced in most aspects of hardware software and operating systems maintenance and repair. through my training at sctc i possess knowledge of advanced diagnostic techniques. i received my degree in the networking field for cisco and microsoft at southern crescent technical college and currently pursuing further education and certification in network management at western governors university. my main professional goal is to become a network administrator and to receive the education required to become certified in
__label__AVIATION patient care technician summary patient care technician summary enthusiastic and hardworking nursing school graduate. graduated salutatorian and magna cum lauda from chamberlain university. my can-do attitude has led me to be a valued member to all my prior employers. i am extremely dedicated and always strive to provide the best service possible one that i can proudly put my on. i understand the importance of getting the job done correctly the first time and in a timely manner. i will be a strong advocate for my patients and for the healthcare team i work for. experience 12/2016 to 07/2017 patient care technician interviewed patients measured vital signs and documented all information on patients emr. assisted nurses in pre-and postoperative therapy with treatments inserting and discontinuing foley catheter discontinuing iv catheters and maintaining iv fluids. collected and prepared laboratory specimens preformed glucose monitoring. transported patients via wheel chairs and stretcher assisted patients to ambulate around the unit. notified nurses of any conditional changes of patients in my care. provided care and comfort to all patients ensuring the best possible care. 06/2010 to 12/2014 server assisted patrons during selection of food and beverages by presenting menu and offering recommendations. transmitted orders to bar and kitchen by
__label__FINANCE director of finance summary director of finance summary senior finance leader with 12+ years of professional experience heavily focused in financial analytics and accounting practices. professional presence with a solid work ethic and customer service oriented. team player who is comfortable working with all levels of management and staff. creative problem solver who provides and implements cost effective solutions and continuously looking for way to create efficiencies and drive business profitability. detail oriented with advanced skills in all microsoft office applications. highlights strong experience in both short and long term financial planning polished communication skills and comfortable working with all levels of management driving motivation and success with human capital proficient in creating and tracking key performance indicators to drive business experienced in erp/system conversions and transitions from legacy systems creation of financial reporting and modeling to communicate manufacturing cost goals and targets experience director of finance 07/2011 to current director of finance 07/2011 to current facilitated and led team during month-end close processes invoicing journal entries and account reconciliations. created executive analysis reports highlighting business issues potential risks and profit opportunities. created detailed financial models and analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis. managed 250k+ annual expense budgets across logistics finance organization providing guidance
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile broadcast consultant executive profile broadcast management media sales radio station programming and on-air broadcast execution is where my success has been the most dominate. skill highlights affiliate sales manager local brand manager on-air personality social media integrator digital content developer email marketer core accomplishments in my career as a media professional i ve achieved notable success as a major market on-air personality brand manager created and developed several syndicated radio shows successfully distributed national broadcast products and increased market share for many radio consolidators across the country. professional experience consultant april 2013 to current our team creates and develops national programming for radio stations across the country we syndicate and distribute radio shows imaging packages and media content working as a consultant with local radio stations national radio shows major record labels and social media integrators of media sr. director november 2009 to february 2014 directed and coordinated affiliate sales and on-air personnel. developed maintained and coordinated syndicated radio programs. developed and managed 24 hour national radio formats. operations director brand manager and on-air personality january 2001 to november 2009 executed content delivery for wwdm-fm. managed daily operations of wwdm-fm coordinated promotions for the local sales team and on-air production. ranked
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician summary to engineering technician summary to obtain a position in the field of civil engineering technician where i can apply and impart the knowledge i have gained through experience and college as well as to acquire new insight through experience and application. accomplishments home improvement projects. outdoor sports such as golfing hunting and fishing. experience august 2007 to current engineering technician design/drafting - design of various capital improvement projects including reconstruction patching hma resurfacing sewer lining/repair durable pavement markings and sidewalk repair. responsibilities include providing an accurate and complete set of plans that are drawn to a drafting standard. drafting software used microstation and geopak. storm water utility assessment - review of development within the to determine the assessment fee based on the amount of impervious area on the site. responsibilities include measurement of impervious area and assessment of fee. software used arcview and microsoft access. surveying - surveying duties include topo graphic surveys for capital improvement projects and survey of infrastructure and utilities to provide accurate base map drawings. responsibilities include performing surveying computations and processing data. surveying equipment used trimble gps and topcon total station. file maintenance - maintain accurate base map drawings of subdivisions right of way parcels easements
__label__FINANCE finance professional summary a finance professional summary a versatile highly motivated adaptable and responsible accounting graduate. possessing highly analytical skill and ability to manage and complete projects to the highest standards. now wish to transition solid background in accounting and finance towards business and property consultancy which is a challenging position that will enable me to capitalise my own knowledge and work experience. skills superior time management customer relations self-motivated professional excellent communication skills strong interpersonal skills multilingual in english and indonesian languange proficient in ms. office critical thinking attention to detail creative thinker excellent managerial techniques work history finance 07/2013 to current proposed and achieved cost savings by reducing expenses on the company. forecasted operating costs for scheduled projects by strategizing with other departments. analyzed budgets financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing. worked with management at the project level to ensure expense plans are achieved. worked with managers to develop annual expense plan goals. collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations. performed periodic budgeting/modeling to project monthly cash requirements. calculated commissions for sales stores. responsible for petty cash and bank transactions. junior auditor 02/2012 to 06/2012 analyzed and reviewed cost reports and communicated final results to clients. reported
__label__SALES sales career focus professional sales career focus professional yet laid back top notch sales person and manager offering a 29 year background in sales and customer service as well as in-depth understanding of the sales cycle process. summary of skills excellent people skills corporate buyer background for major automotive established track record of exceptional sales results group recipient of numerous sales awards staff training and development effective retail sales manager establishing goals and setting priorities decisive leader consistent work history powerful negotiator customer service experience compelling leadership skills flexible work schedule exceptional time management skills exceptional multi- tasker strong public speaker accomplishments multiple sales person of month awards multiple sales person of year awards employee of month awards was member of peninsula sales and marketing was president of senior sales executives earned membership in ford motor s 300/500 masters club earned chrysler sales award ring tysinger motor co. s loyalty/management ring hall automotive corporation s loyalty /management ring. professional experience sales may 2011 to sep 2013 top of sales board consistently monitored multiple databases to keep track of all inventory. transported clients to other locations to view and select right vehicle for them increased sales monthly by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing
__label__CONSULTANT process consultant professional summary process consultant professional summary experienced operations manager and entrepreneur who built 4.5 million dollar without start up capital or outside investment. supremely organized with ability to identify and solve challenges in growth environment performing at peak when boundaries are in constant of change. visionary professional excels at recognition and anticipation coupling ability to diagnose with skill to execute. confident negotiator who understands nuances of variables timing and leverage in negotiation. strength finders analytical/context/command/futuristic/relator key skills negotiations strategic thinker team building driven advanced problem solving skills operations analysis process development and execution employee training support and development project management professional experience process consultant january 2014 to current develop processes that allow use of business metrics to provide both macro and micro analysis of performance. provide structure from which to scale operations identifying productive and unproductive work activity. determine then deploy management practices for small and medium sized business to operate with increased financial clarity and operational efficiency. process requires macro understanding of a given business s primary economic driver. once identified modify processes to simplify the execution of that driver. full conversion to objective business practices eliminating management decisions made in a vacuum. objective is often met by defining strict data
__label__CONSTRUCTION work history construction laborer work history construction laborer accomplishments puesto que solicita fecha almeda-genoa constructors se ha comprometido a la igualdad de oportunidades para los solicitantes y empleados sin distinci n de raza color sexo edad religi n origen nacional discapacidad estado civil condici n de veterano orientaci n sexual informaci n gen tica. cualquier otra caracter stica protegida por la ley. esta pol tica se aplica a todos los t rminos y condiciones de empleo incluyendo pero no limitado a contrataci n capacitaci n promociones disciplina traslados excedencias y la terminaci n del empleo. informe al departamento de recursos humanos de la empresa si necesita ayuda para completar esta solicitud de empleo. por favor escriba o imprima. complete cada secci n de esta solicitud y adjunte un curriculum vitae si usted tiene uno. /nombre sr./sra. nombre apellido direccion ciudad estado c digo postal tel fono de casa tel fono de trabajo otro tel fono correro electr nico fecha en que puede empezar a trabajar salario solicitado tiene 18 a os de edad. m s. s no est usted autorizado para trabajar s no en los estados unidos. usted ahora . que en el futuro s no requiere patrocinio para la visa de trabajo.
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior construction safety project senior construction safety project manager summary to obtain a project management sales / marketing construction management position where i can fully utilize my education training and experience while making a significant contribution to the success of my employer. result oriented professional with over 30 years in construction management highly developed oral and written communication skills and a progressive track record of success. proven ability and effectiveness in construction market lease negotiation budgeting design development and on-going maintenance of sites. experienced by graduate business degree professional leadership and community developments. recognized by management for thoroughness meeting due dates and being a team player. skills microsoft office propricer timberline peoplesoft and deltek costpoint experience 05/2005 to current senior construction safety project manager responsible for oversight of complex construction projects within the assigned region including planning approval and construction. working hand-in-hand with equity developers and equity development partners asset managers operations and general contractors the senior construction manager to assure the s equity investment in long-term hold oriented design decisions is executed and construction issues are resolved appropriately. responsibilities include all construction operations such as overall budgeting cost control construction techniques and product quality. oversee all aspects of the construction process ensuring that
__label__BANKING branch banking coordinator summary branch banking coordinator summary manager with 12 years of background in customer service finance leadership and branch management. vast knowledge of finance regulatory requirements and general bank operations. enthusiastic and energetic in leading staff to exceed sales goals while delivering excellent customer service. a dedicated team player experienced in overseeing operations of individual and multi-unit facilities developing successful programs to improve profitability. diligent and driven individual who has achieved success in a variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. an effective communicator and team-builder with strong analytical management and organizational skills. education bba banking 2015 strayer university high school diploma college preparatory 1999 holly hill roberts high school experience branch banking coordinator 04/2013 to current supervise and participate in daily operational functions of the branch s teller area ensure timely and efficient completion of client transactions proactively manage the daily sales/quality referral process assist hr with recruiting interviewing and selecting oncoming associates research out of balance transactions/daily reports/completed corrections in a timely manner with daily vault operations/cash master assist with risk management practices while being responsible for staffing and scheduling of branch complete staff development/performance reviews/salary administration ensure operating procedures are followed as outlined in the branch operational manual
__label__HEALTHCARE regional recruiter summary motivated regional recruiter summary motivated program management professional a problem-solver and decision maker specialized in team leadership resource coordination and customer service who seeks to re-enter the workforce with both feet. highlights professional caregiver extremely organized program development conflict resolutiondecision-making ability team liaison process improvements strong written and verbal communication skills culturally-sensitive ms office business correspondence project coordination accomplishments hands-on human resources coordinator with proven international/domestic operational strategic change management and compensation management background. skilled in organizational reviews talent management staffing recruiting expatriate management managing diversity and advising and influencing executive leadership on organizational issues that have a major business impact. successfully posted recruited interviewed and hired hundreds of personnel for british government postings across the world. experience regional recruiter 10/2016 to current carry out the full life-cycle recruitment process for a wide range of positions to include posting sourcing reviewing resumes and screening candidates making offers and following up manage relationships with posts delivering effective communication that supports the completion of recruitment activities and tasks handle administrative related tasks including corresponding with hiring managers and candidates record retention for recruitments maintaining applicant tracking system activities related to open and closing of requisitions entering complete and accurate data for reporting and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary entrepreneur and sales professional recognized by the prince george s chamber of commerce and non-profit organizations as a leader in developing strategic partnerships to acquire business growth. professional experience business development manager 01/2006 to current information technology enterprise business operator that demonstrated profitable annual revenue. researcher and statical analyst that increased financial growth 15 each quarter maximizing data analytics and customer retention software to win new and retain existing customers. account manager of c-suite executives federal and procurement directors and mid size business decision makers. procurement strategist that acquired new business in emerging markets creating and responding to request for proposal rfp solicitations. social media marketing specialist and brand strategist. created content and designed graphic for website email and trade publications. developed sales marketing training programs that improved client retention and increased revenue. managed diverse and multicultural workforce to collaborate as a focused unit. client services manager 06/1996 to 07/2005 sales and leasing consultant that consistently received bmw s honors award for highest in the nation sales and customer service achievements. finance director that achieved recognition for surpassing sales goals for financial product presentations. awarded product development certification. relentless customer relations management crm prospecting and cold
__label__SALES sales summary office customer sales summary office customer service experienced reliable dynamic responsible strong problem solving skills organized summary of qualifications dedicated and self-motivated individual offering a great background in office environment with hands-on experience in quality customer service. able to produce results above client and employer expectation. excellent communication organization and time management skills. strong multi-tasking abilities needing little or no supervision. work well both independently and as a contributing member of the team. proficient in microsoft office suite and the internet. enthusiastic personal assistant who is a fast learner and can deliver results quickly.energetic motivated assistant who is highly organized and skilled at balancing the needs of clients in both personal and professional capacities.accurate assertive and adaptable personal assistant who can effectively multi-task in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines.outstanding personal assistant driven to provide excellent support to busy business professionals with little guidance. expert in excel functions and multi-tasking. highlights database facsimile filing inventory materials mail money office machines photocopiers pricing and sales scanners telephones and voice mail. experience sales mar 2015 to current collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. provided accurate and appropriate information in
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary 15 years accountant summary 15 years of experience in account receivable and account payable field and other related accounting functions. strengths . detail oriented with ability to maintain high level of quality. . excellent written and verbal communication skills and able to prioritize. . able to identify and define problem and take corrective measures. . trustworthy ethical hardworking and meet deadlines. . ability to work effectively in team and independently. . flexible and adaptable willingness to learn new skills and accept new tasks. . ability to maintain confidentiality at all times. articulate job title driven to succeed. strategic planning and client relationship management expert. job title with more than number years of experience planning developing and implementing program or process . creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to development. talents include areas of expertise . analyst with extensive experience in fields . proficiencies include skill set 1 and skill set 2 . job title with background as job title 1 and job title 2 looking to join a growing entrepreneurial organization as part of the executive team. results-oriented strategic sales professional with number years in the industry industry. articulate job title driven to succeed. strategic planning and client relationship management
__label__APPAREL buyer/planner summary detail-oriented analytical-thinking buyer/planner summary detail-oriented analytical-thinking trilingual individual with exceptional problem-solving skills looking to obtain an internship or full-time position that will allow me to utilize my education and work experience while gaining valuable work experience in a team-oriented work environment. education and training bachelor of science petroleum engineering jul texas a m university petroleum engineering number gpa skills solid works cad matlab and ms office process implementation languages english portuguese spanish experience buyer/planner may 2016 to current plan and execute forecasting strategies for mass production planning. collaborate with cross-functional groups including engineering shipping/receiving purchasing and sales. negoatiate proposals for potential suppliers including quantitative and qualitative research. obtain documents clearances certificates and approvals from local and federal agencies. work closely with production to convert weekly plan into daily work center schedules that manage constraints of manpower equipment and optimize costs. logistics analyst february 2015 to may 2016 managed erp system to monitor the status of incoming materials. released work orders to the production floor as inventory became available. coordinated expedited shipping orders request with production manager. interacted with cross-functional teams like sales production and the executives. analyzed incoming requisitions and shortages reports for quality specification pricing and delivery requirements. translated business needs
__label__BANKING customer service rep 1 customer service rep 1 lead quality assurance coach account relationship specialist online banking summary i am a career oriented individual who wishes to further my knowledge of my position any cross training possibilities and training to progress in the company. i am a hard working ethical leader that leads by example and is never afraid to ask for clarity if i do not fully understand something. dynamic banking professional adept at directing complex projects and leading high performance teams to complete key financial initiatives. talented sales associate with successful career history of closing sales increasing customer satisfaction and mentoring junior sales professionals. skilled sales associate with 5-year track record of success. maintain professional and calm demeanor under pressure. thrive in high volume environments where knowledge composure and interpersonal abilities are keys to success. accomplishments i was acknowledged after the first 6 months by the board of directors as a pillar of success for the in account retention and new account acquisition. during the first 6 months i was shown to compile 50.4 of the work load for the outbound team of 5 members. experience customer service rep 1 lead quality assurance coach account relationship specialist online banking rep ii june
__label__BANKING branch banker summary secure branch banker summary secure a position that will utilize my strong communication and organizational skills customer service background and ability to work well with people. skills notary medallion microsoft word excel detail oriented experience 07/2004 to current branch banker provide exceptional customer service to all business and retail customers understand financial needs of customers while building and deepening relationships open and service customer accounts in an efficient and professional manner actively participate in outbound sales efforts to expand customer base prepare and participate in weekly team sales meetings and daily huddles loan officer-applications submissions customer documentation close book. 06/2003 to 07/2004 branch supervisor managed and coach team while maintaining workforce stability by insuring knowledge of bank products procedures and polices managed daily branch operations including but not limited to cash standards regulations compliance and weekly monthly quarterly and annual audits understand financial needs of customers while building and deepening relationships by cross-selling bank products and services develop and expand new and existing consumer and commercial accounts. 10/1986 to 09/1998 retail banking officer oversee branch operations and manage teller staff to ensure following bank s policies and procedures open and service customer accounts in an efficient and professional manner provide exceptional
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career overview a consultant career overview a highly motivated techno-functional and business savvy professional desire to obtain a position as it manager/ it head with strong iso 27001 2005 information security knowledge network administration which will best utilize my managerial experience while allowing challenges and growth. i am looking for new position that will enhance my skill and give me an ample opportunity for growth. over 10 years rich experience and demonstrated expertise in a wide gamut of functions spanning infrastructure management it security technical support and system administration with major telecom organizations presently associate with jaiprakash associates limited jaypee group as consultant central data centre implemented iso 27001 2005 standards and compliance a keen planner with abilities in managing it information security networking operations with focus on profitability and achieving s mission strategic direction. adept in planning design installation and configuration of it networks maintenance and troubleshooting network user management on multiple platforms governed by communication protocols. comprehensive understanding of networking concepts pertaining to lan wan security it communication wan protocols networking devices administration and maintenance in multi-platform environments. adept in analyzing information system needs evaluating end-user requirements custom designing solutions troubleshooting for complex information systems management. core competencies it infrastructure development
__label__FITNESS group exercise fitness instructor group exercise fitness instructor background objective highly seasoned and dedicated mentor with a distinguished reputation of providing outstanding service to the community with a strong capacity to develop quality programs and provide supervised guidance for program staff and participants to guarantee successful outcomes. areas of expertise planning/coordinating team leadership program development experience in management community outreach budget development creative problem solving public relation critical thinking experience in advertising excellent research skills accountability team building staff motivation staff training employee scheduling experience group exercise fitness instructor 03/2009 to current instruct group exercise classes to help strengthen and tone body demonstrate the correct way to use exercise equipment administrator support assistant ii 09/2005 to 03/2006 verified that information reported on tax returns adheres to applicable tax laws and regulations maintained accurate filing system of tax related documents updated tax returns made during audit process transferred important documents to the appropriate department when requested. administrator support assistant ii 11/2003 to 04/2004 planned and scheduled meetings conferences teleconferences and travel answered or directed inquiries maintained taxpayer confidentiality completed projects assigned by staff nursery director 04/2001 to 12/2008 supervised all nursery ministry staff developed reports for ministry coordinator and senior pastor recruited qualified and experienced
__label__ENGINEERING senior engineering program manager senior engineering program manager summary accomplished senior program management professional with a successful broad-based career defining and guiding the implementation of industry best practices standards processes and tools to strengthen organizations and drive competitive growth. extensive expertise in leading and delivering cross-functional transformational solutions. demonstrated knowledge of project life cycle methodologies with experience in developing and implementing leading-edge strategies for large-scale enterprise initiatives. proven ability to navigate complex situations while prudently mitigating risks identifying value creation opportunities and building strategic partners. skills program management portfolio management process analysis solution design enterprise software systems integration data management product excellence agile methodology people development leadership development coaching/mentoring professional experience senior engineering program manager 02/2011 to 04/2017 accomplishments managed mission critical project initiatives to support the corporate finance organization developed strategy and led effort to evaluate the upgrade of the oracle ebusiness suite of applications to release 12. highly complex ecosystem with over 70 countries 100 boundary systems and 3000 customizations built and led project team through the assessment and proof of concept required to build business case and secure funding for project. defined program governance structure and staffed program developed several presentations to executive leadership in finance supply chain and engineering to
__label__CONSTRUCTION director facilities planning design director facilities planning design and construction executive profile a leader working in a large integrated academic medical center www.uwhealth.org focused on integrated business planning and facility design and development driven by operational improvement and teamwork. experienced in all aspects of facility support and construction. skill highlights health care business planning experience in all aspects of health care support services team leader in process improvement combined with facility design full design construction and implementation planning for new hospital development management of integrated staff of design and construction professionals boundary spanning professional management of large capital budgets contract development and negotiation for multiple project delivery methods hospital acquisition due diligence integrated facility planning across multiple organizations core accomplishments uw health at the american center - fifty bed orthopedic hospital with integrated clinics and health and wellness center. 500 000 square feet august 2015 opening american family children s hospital - eighty bed full service pediatric hospital with nicu picu and pediatric oncology. full complement of outpatient services including imaging center 280 000 square feet 2007 opening with an additional vertical expansion of 54 000 square feet www.uwhealthkids.org uw health rehab hospital - fifty beds to support the orthopedic hospital september 2015 opening
__label__HR hr manager summary human hr manager summary human resources manager extensive background in administrative duties including experience in implementing staff development and training mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation training hr records management hr policies development and legal compliance. demonstrated success in developing teambuilding programs and writing personnel manuals coordinating special programs job descriptions and online mandated training. highlights university events/special programs prepare agendas fmla/ada/eeo/wc mediation advocacy hris technologies tesol teacher for university staff employee relations web design using reddot and sharepoint hr program/project management microsoft office suites orientation on-boarding training development performance management organizational development hr policies procedures publisher/indesign/quark accomplishments enjoy 5k runs/walks of note professional development complete ongoing training in the areas of compensation and benefits employee and labor relations leaves of absence customer service supervisory training and workplace safety/security. created publications and advertisements for twu and thehra conferences. invited as guest speaker for staff development days on the twu houston campus and several affiliated conferences. developed online mandated training for twu employees. experience hr manager 01/2007 to current perform professional administrative work involving the development administration and coordination of a comprehensive series of training and development opportunities for university staff and faculty. work is performed with considerable independent judgment and wide
__label__APPAREL creative director fashion designer creative director fashion designer summary passionate about the fashion industry i wish to deploy my skills by working with a dedicated and innovative team of designers and fashion professionals. seeking to obtain a challenging position as a fashion designer or creative director in a professional artistic environment where i can use my 15 years of experience in the fashion field in argentina to benefit the and its clients. my goal is to participate and support in bringing current international fashion trends to the market developing unique styles and providing beautiful and practical clothes to the public. highlights creative thinking leadership within team work and management organization and order communication. brand identity development design conception quality control problem solving. accomplishments extensive knowledge of principles and methods for showing promoting and selling products or services including marketing strategy and tactics product demonstration sales techniques and sales control systems. extensive knowledge of design techniques tools and principles involved in production of precision technical. able to come up with unusual or unique ideas about a given topic or situation and to develop creative ways to solve a problem. creative determined and results-oriented individual with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. overseeing the purchase of fabric
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY system administrator experience 03/2009 system administrator experience 03/2009 21674 sksit security and the wireless environment 11/05/12 18640 sksit securing wlans 10/30/12 27481 sksit building and securing voip networks 03/20/12 36542 sksit protecting windows 7 against malware and vulnerabilities 03/13/12 30688 sksit physical security 02/03/12 14766 sksit firewalls and vpns 01/23/12 34601 kisam service manager sm overview 09/27/11 31699 adding of assets in kisam asset manager 09/26/11 31856 windows server 2008 system administration 04/01/11 28902 stan - security configurations for windows 2003 servers 01/31/11 28801 eops test planning procedures os databases and cots 01/20/11 14763 sksit ans encryption technologies 04/09/10 23796 sksit intrusion detection and response in networked environments 03/22/10 21797 sksit introducing voice over ip 04/15/09 21674 sksit security and the wireless environment 04/14/09 17090 sksit wireless communication basics 04/10/09 17623 sksit auditing and monitoring 05/01/08 21597 sksit ans the fundamentals of networking 04/25/08 18287 sksit itil problem and change management 04/24/08 18054 karta introduction to the certification accreditation process 04/12/07 18064 karta information security awareness - beginner 04/11/07 13085 sksbs building relationships to get results 08/03/06 14115 sksit internet security firewall principles 08/02/06 14025 sksit cisco routers firewalls and perimeter security 07/31/06 14780 sksit wireless security 07/31/06 15248 windows server 2003 active directory
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT sr. business development manager sr. business development manager professional summary highly organized sales professional with 12 years of inside and outside sales. exceptional outside sales representative who consistently achieves annual sales quotas and increases the overall customer base in several fields including telecom advertising and software solutions. effectively grows brand awareness through increased market penetration and new market development. experienced in presenting and selling to senior level ceo s cfo s etc decision makers in various types of verticals including technology healthcare entertainment logistics retail chains hospitality etc. work history sr. business development manager 04/2015 to current surpassed annual quota by 125 in 2015. scheduled and attended at least 10 appointments per week. organized joint sale calls with current customers and outside vendors. including the w hotel atlanta hawks trugreen lg etc. vast knowledge and use of salesfore.com. successful at working with senior level decision makers in various verticals including hospitality technology logistics healthcare contractors etc. maintain strong ties with m2m/iot operations it sales engineering accounting and legal teams in support of your customers. interact with finance operations to ensure compliance with financial obligations accounts payable credits. entrepreneur 11/2016 to current developed and implemented a comprehensive salesperson training program. prospected to obtain new accounts
__label__APPAREL director of product development director of product development professional summary supervisory experience in the development and production of apparel sportswear. experience in the management of sourcing product development production and technical design teams. strong understanding of domestic and offshore sourcing. extensive global travel for sourcing product development manufacturing and quality control. experience director of product development july 2015 to april 2016 - conducted analysis to address production delays which led to on time delivery of product. successfully led key projects which resulted in proactive external communication with vendors and agents. developed designed and managed the production of posture and performance apparel for men and woman ensuring fit and quality of merchandise exceeded standards. hired and managed new product team members. managed all aspects of design and development through production maintaining timelines. worked directly with domestic and offshore factories ensuring quality and timelines were met to standards. sourced fabric and trims developed new construction techniques and initiated new concepts for product line. monitored multiple databases to keep track of all inventory. managed product development team maintained wip report and hired necessary staff as needed. planned and executed purchase orders for seasonal product lines. worked closely with cross functional teams maintaining internal communication. reported directly to
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY it manager highlights customer it manager highlights customer and client relations advanced troubleshooting techniques project management and tracking windows server 2003 2008 and 2012 windows xp vista 7 8d experience it manager december 2013 to current stabilize and manage infrastructure and applications for corporate and remote facilities create standard hardware and software lists and purchased based on those lists create fiscal year budget for it department perform thorough it audit and proposed various changes based on the audit administer various information technology systems and applications plan and manage information technology projects define and plan employee training programs for internal staff maintain production database applications analyze system performance and make recommendations to management for infrastructure upgrades and/or changes reduce system downtime by diagnosing and resolving complex technology related issues negotiate vendor contracts to ensure the correct product at the lowest cost streamlined internal communication platform perform routine vulnerability and risk assessments for infrastructure perform regular security audits of internal infrastructure and applications implemented voice over internet protocol phone system for entire organization manage corporate website and made necessary edits and adjustments work with various departments to determine technology needs provide end user support to in-office and remote users. senior technical analyst october 2010 to december
__label__ARTS english language arts teacher english language arts teacher summary experienced educator who over the past 13 years employed a broad range of techniques and teaching strategies to retain student interest differentiate instruction and maximize individual learning by gaining immediate feedback through data analysis with use of instructional management systems and best practices. accomplishments rated as highly effective in the category of collegiality and professionalism in 2013-2014 recognized by the florida department of education as a high impact teacher in 2014-15 / 2015-16 received a 4.0 student growth rating in 2015-2016 awarded ocps foundation grant in 2015-2016 selected to create mini benchmarks for the county ela department using unify - summer 2016 chosen as a mentor for other teachers completed ocps clinical educator training assessed as highly effective with selected deliberate practice elements three of four years using marzano s model of instructional methods selected to pilot the viewpath camera technologies and other evaluation tools using insight advance to improve instructional practices modeled instruction and hosted campus tours including ocps leaders future of educational technology tours fetc and broad foundation scholarship evaluation team 2014 skills proficient in moodle sphere 2 video creation and google classroom implemented - google docs and forms used turning point technologies
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary accountant with accountant summary accountant with over a decade of diverse professional experience including corporate and small business accounting tax preparation and accounting services. dedicated and reliable team member who enjoys learning and taking on new challenges. highlights accounts receivable/payable master s degree general ledger accounting sales tax reporting gaap knowledge period end close team oriented tax preparation financial statement preparation high attention to detail microsoft office programs proficient in microsoft windows operating systems experienced with accounting bookkeeping and erp programs experience august 2011 to current accountant responsible for consistent accurate and timely period end close calculate process and analyze journal entries and accruals maintain general ledger for multiple entities worldwide prepare account reconciliations for multiple accounts across multiple entities work as member of team to prepare 10-q and 10-k reports prepare xbrl instance document for submission to sec responsible for completion of various u.s. government surveys monthly sales tax reporting. april 2007 to july 2011 accountant supported ownership by providing accounting insight and technical knowledge responsible for all accounting functions including ar ap gl payroll period-end close processes account reconciliations and sales tax reporting monitor accurate and appropriate recording of revenues and expenses monitor cash flow and balances project future cash
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary personable education accountant summary personable education professional driven to inspire students to achieve personal and academic success. highlights knowledgeable in quickbooks sql sap and as400 highly proficient in microsoft office including microsoft word ppt microsoft excel ii and access iii experience november 2013 to current accountant sources items through the compilation of vendor information and bidding processes selected preferred vendors based on competitive pricing products liabilities payment terms and eta s creates auditing processes for inventory management selects bank statements randomly to ensure that disbursements where authorized and signed by two individuals ensures three way matches of requisitions purchase orders and good receipts performs data analysis on bank statements to ensure that all reconciled items are processed in a timely manner audits the database demographic to better understand clientele of the and to maximize customer satisfaction level completes month-end journal entries and month-end reports. prepares bank reconciliations and ensures all reconciling items are resolved in a timely manner organizes monthly quarterly and annual financial statements. september 2010 to may 2013 qa/mobile software tester worked specifically with different accounting and business software including french ones audited the testing process to enhance quality cycle time effectiveness and accuracy identified correctness completeness security and quality
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant helper summary seeking accountant helper summary seeking a position as an accountant utilizing knowledge of general accounting procedures in order to assist the office with its periodic accounting processes. highlights microsoft office excel word powerpoint advanced problem solving abilities critical thinking decisive excellent mathematical skills budgeting accomplishments payroll assistance assisted with payroll preparation and entered data into cumulative payroll document. research investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues. scheduling facilitated onboarding of new employees by scheduling training answering questions and processing paperwork. experience accountant helper may 2014 to july 2014 assisted the accounting clerk in accounting tasks entered a/p and a/r processed payments organized client billing folders procedure documentation. performed general office duties filing scanning mail processing and data entry. assisted accounting manager with different assignments. reconciled bank statements and ledger accounts. assisted with daily cash balancing. major strengths good knowledge of coordinating monitoring and participating in monthly accounting procedures. strong know-how of organizing the preparation of periodic financial reports. in-depth knowledge of preparing reconciliation of outstanding payments. knowledge of liabilities and payment obligation. verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries. organized files developed spreadsheets faxed reports and scanned documents. dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout
__label__CHEF executive chef summary talented executive chef summary talented executive chef with 22 years of experience running a quality kitchen. train and manage kitchen personnel and coordinate all related culinary activities including estimating food consumption and purchasing food selecting and developing recipes standardizing recipes for consistent quality establishing presentation and quality standards and ensuring proper safety and sanitation in the kitchen. recognized as an effective leader with strong strategic planning communication and staff management skills. highlights extensive butchery knowledge and skills high volume production capability focused and disciplined bilingual english/spanish focus on portion and cost control servsafe certified accomplishments cooked at the james beard house participated at the food and wine classic in aspen colorado cooked for the les amis d escoffier society featured in numerous local papers completed beef 101 at texas a m successfully managed a kitchen staff of 40+ employees during high volume dinner services for more than 500 diners each night. experience executive chef 07/2014 to current manage the daily operations of a restaurant with a staff of 35 that generates 5 million per year in revenue. supervise training new hires and retraining existing staff on food presentation techniques. oversee staff schedules and quality control. regulate inventory controls food cost 32
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY vp of information technology vp of information technology executive profile a results oriented technology leader with over 18 years of it experience 8 years of supervisory experience. passionate about collaborating with key stakeholders to develop information technology vision and strategy by effectively building organization processes infrastructure and services in support of short and long-term business needs. understands the business value of available tools and applications as to provide optimal strategic benefit at the appropriate cost. skill highlights it governance team leadership systems integration contract negotiations disaster recovery plans it operations core accomplishments implemented a new phone system that will immediately save the over 100 000 a year with benefits that have increased productivity while lowering the need of it support. this includes vendor contract negotiation which resulted in the cost of the new phone system to be covered with no out of pocket expenses. managed multiple it projects that resulted in increased productivity performance and revenue. enhanced communications between our nationwide offices using video conferencing saving over 50 000 a year in travel costs. worked with marketing to integrate our crm and other systems with our marketing systems which resulted in real-time feedback to marketing and end users of client actions. converted vmware to
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction coordinator summary dedicated construction coordinator summary dedicated and results-driven osp specialist with twenty years of progressive and diversified experience in outside plant telecommunications engineering and construction wireless backhaul engineering low latency optimization and related areas. proven skills include the ability to manage multiple projects and meet critical deadlines knowledge of construction methodologies associated with the placement of aerial and underground systems design engineering estimation budgeting project management analysis problem solving and various cad programs. highlights manage multiple projects ms office proficient reliable and dependable detail-oriented and organized multitasking construction specialist design print fluency nec codes and regulations osha codes and regulations microsoft office programs autocad microstation arcmap visio osp insight idds / icgs / cma experience construction coordinator 10/2014 responsible for the construction activity related to extending and relocating cable and fiber optic plants for all lines of business. direct oversight of contractors and capital budgets as per contracts and capital guidelines support in node split implementation maintain smb weekly reporting while streamlining the process for coworkers allowing them more time to produce results on their projects consultant temporary contract 02/2014 to 10/2014 latency optimization solutions design and engineering osp engineer 05/2012 to 02/2014 osp field survey and route design design and engineering
__label__ACCOUNTANT volunteer accountant summary cpa volunteer accountant summary cpa candidate with 15+ years of strong financial accounting and audit experience and knowledge of internal control enterprise risk management and gl pl bs reconciliations work papers cost cash control ap and ar on different accounting software s. participated in the coordination of financial planning and budget management functions monitored and analyzed monthly operating results against budget managed preparation of the official annual report of actual revenues transfers and expenses financial outlooks and forecasts. collaborated with department managers and corporate staff to develop business plans created a guide of financial control and planning procedures exceptional communication and interpersonal skills adept in forming strong working relationships with diverse internal and external business partners accounts receivable/payable payroll corporate expenses analysis and taxes proficiency in bookkeeping reporting journal entries and account reconciliation entrusted to process high responsibility tasks and to work independently demonstrated professionalism when communicating with department managers clients and suppliers interacted with a wide variety of personalities while developing business plans and preparing reports supervised role mapping workflows and delegated tasks oversaw work of coworkers which enhanced leadership teamwork and team coordination abilities strong quantitative technical and accounting skills independently driven to accomplish immediate assigned goals and long
__label__FINANCE finance and operations manager finance and operations manager executive profile results-driven efficiency-conscious international business management executive with extensive experience including financial management organizational development business development and team building within diverse industries. skilled in planning coordinating and executing successful strategic business and financial programs with track record of improving operational stability efficiency and profitability. in-depth knowledge of a diverse array of core financial and business processes with demonstrated capacity to successfully improve bottom-line profitability and further corporate objectives. collaborate with senior stakeholders to effectively prioritize activities and achieve defined objectives translating business requirements into solutions to achieve corporate performance goals and targets. skill highlights organizational development business development and expansion in domestic and international markets global business expertise financial and strategic planning and execution contracts management risk management staff development and management multimillion-dollar p l management budget and forecasting development and management policy and process development and implementation financial reporting and analysis performance management/project accounting maintain service relationships professional experience finance and operations manager 03/2015 to 09/2016 a senior business partner participating in the development of the strategic direction leadership management and growth of the organization. key accomplishments include led the 2016 strategic planning process oct 2015 resulting in a detailed 2016 delivery plan
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering team lead software engineering team lead profile i have over 10 years of experience in the field of it infrastructure consulting and operations. i have worked on various microsoft technologies such as system center suite scom sccm scvmm virtualization hyper v windows 2003/ 2008 active directory dns dhcp windows clusters scripting powershell vbscript etc. i am currently working for accenture technologies. i am currently onsite working for our client in usa since march 2012. i am looking for another opportunity within usa in infrastructure consulting/ systems administration that gives me the opportunity to excel in my current skills and paves way for learning new technologies. system center system center operations manager 2012 - scom currently working on scom for over 3 years as technical lead/ sme. experience in designing implementing and operating scom infrastructure. experience in developing management packs using vsae vmpd authoring console. professional experience july 2008 to january 2015 software engineering team lead joined as part of the avanade io capability. avanade is a joint venture between microsoft and accenture and specializes on microsoft product solutions. project 1 stanford hospital and clinics tenure march 2012 till date i am currently the onshore technical lead and subject matter expert for our
__label__CONSTRUCTION assistant project manager/design build assistant project manager/design build construction coordinator summary highly motivated civil engineer with 16 years of experience working for one of north america s largest and most respected construction and engineering organizations with revenues of more than 11 billion and consistently ranking among the top five contractors by engineering news-record. my experience with kiewit has prepared me to successfully plan and execute projects while promoting safety quality schedule and cost performance. my career experience ranges from construction design coordinator on a multi billion dollar design build project to on-site project engineering and project management for self-performing heavy civil construction work ranging from 545 million to 3.1 million dollars. excellent communicator skilled in construction means and methods cost controls scheduling claims analysis and contract administration. as the field engineer and project controls manager on one of the largest design-build project in maryland she manages approximately 1 000 wbs activities on a p6 schedule. even after a six month delay in the award of the project the project will be substantially complete on the original completion date. clara coordinates on a daily basis incoming and outgoing correspondence a cost loaded cpm rfis modifications change orders and unforeseen field conditions that required redesign and
__label__ENGINEERING process engineering intern profile process engineering intern profile phd cleanroom expert looking for an opportunity to work as a full- time module/process engineer in lam research experience working in both a research cleanroom facility and a semiconductor fab. hands on experience with fabrication methods such as plasma etching photolithography wet etch processing and pvd well understanding of statistical process control spc and design of experiments doe professional experience process engineering intern june 2014 to august 2014 worked on short-loop study for qualifying new metal etch platform performed edge exclusion standardization for measurement tools in etch/cmp/wet etch area wrote klarity ace recipes to provide scheduled/automated reports for inline parameters capability tool-tool chamber-chamber matching and pt-inline cross-correlations for plasma etch module engineers generated internal documentation for sampling plans in etch/cmp/ wet etch area academic cleanroom experience washington nanofabrication facility university of washington. research assistant january 2008 to current project a new integrated endoscope system developed a full mems fabrication process of a mechanical resonance based scanning device. integrated with laser and fiber optics to enable in 2d micro-displays scanning system setup benchtop spin coater scs 6800 and sputter denton desk v in lab. graduate researcher january 2003 to january 2005 education ph. d mechanical engineering april
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary innovative accountant accountant summary innovative accountant proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes. skills budget forecasting expertise analytical reasoning account reconciliation expert strong organizational skills general ledger accounting expert in customer relations flexible team player advanced computer proficiency pc and mac experience 04/2016 to current accountant performed debit credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases using specialized accounting software. received recorded and banked cash checks and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions. worked with management to document and offset unusual expense variances in their respective areas. assisted the cfo with the production of the monthly financials management reports and board packages. coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments. researched and resolved billing and invoice problems. 04/2010 to 04/2016 accounting clerk assisted in the creation of vendor contracts for outside vendors. revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software. reduced time and costs and increased efficiency by introducing new accounting procedures. suggested process improvements to secure prompt and regular receipts for the organization. coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments. executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures. managed accounting operations accounting close account reporting and reconciliations. 04/2006
__label__CHEF lead cook cook iii lead cook cook iii summary charles hundley has well over nine years of overall cooking and kitchen experience. four years of lead cook experience. three years as a certified trainer. he has gained various amounts of knowledge in the culinary industry and has taken his career to many different levels throughout his cooking career though he only has minimal school training charles has learned from various top of the line chefs including the top three chefs of the norwegian cruise line s pride of america executive chef frank d. chef david lilllis and chef alan these great chefs have taught charles various skills in the kitchen including learning of the mother sauces knife skills and even new kitchen terminology. charles has also worked with iron chef michael symon on a couple different occasions and has learned various techniques with smoking meats using herbs and spices as well as manage cooking time and work different items all at once. with an associates degree in business management and a strong understanding of business concepts charles can combine the knowledge of business management and culinary to become a very outstanding chef and has done so thus far in his career in the culinary
__label__CHEF lead chef food truck lead chef food truck manager summary at the culinary institute of america i was taught and mentored by an expert team of world renowned chefs and professors with outstanding industry and education credentials. i gained extensive exposure and experience through the advanced culinary curriculum that is only offered at cia. my education went beyond memorizing and executing foods cooking techniques and recipes - i learned how to analyze foods how to adapt them and most important ... how to get creative with them. i am well trained in both classic and contemporary culinary methods and techniques and developed a strong understanding of how to prepare a wide variety of global cuisines as well as wine beer pairing. i have had the opportunity to work with famed chef larry forgione the godfather of american cuisine father of iron chef marc forgione learning the true practice of sourcing local ingredients into the restaurant known as farm-to-table cooking. i gained extensive hands-on experience in cia professional kitchens and bakeshops and in their award-winning student-staffed restaurants including the american bounty restaurant and ristorante caterina de medici st. andrews restaurant . i gained both back-of-the-house and front-of-the-house experience under the guidance of the expert faculty
__label__CONSTRUCTION concrete construction summary a concrete construction summary a highly experienced professional who possess the required level of retail management know how needed to inspire lead develop and motivate staff. there by helping them to achieve outstanding results through passion innovation and support. key qualities include innovation in product range and responsiveness to market trends as well as being able to give superb product knowledge and training to junior staff so they can deliver industry leading advice and service to customers. also having a real passion for retailing with a strong desire to exceed customer expectations. currently looking for a suitable position with an exciting retailer who promotes from within and rewards achievers. highlights professional familiar with a computerized warehouse system. able to work at elevated heights up to 30 feet. maintaining a clean organized and safe work environment. ability to organize and prioritize job tasks and requirements. establishing safety procedures. accurately interpreting instructions. demonstrating integrity and respect to senior managers at all times. personal physically fit and able to work in hot or cold environments. possessing math proficiency and strong communication skills. excellent organizational time management and customer relations skills. accomplishments over exceeding award successfully completed the s rigorous employee development program. commended for
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing and communications director marketing and communications director core accomplishments communications plans. managed budgets from 200k to 10 million. outstanding work ethic and organizational skills professional experience marketing and communications director 01/2014 current creates compelling persuasive relevant and accurate communications content that increases the public s engagement with the organization in collaboration with members of the national marketing and communications cohort and build community support for improving schools in seattle and across the develops and executes a robust marketing and communications strategy in collaboration with the seattle executive director government affairs director and seattle organizer to ensure high-impact communications earned media and strong support of all stand for children washington efforts conducting market-specific qualitative research to inform strategic communication outreach to target audiences develops and implements a comprehensive public relations strategy to strengthen and elevate stand for children s brand elevate and effectively message our policy and electoral campaigns across the associate director of corporate relations 01/2009 01/2013 consulted with companies such as black girls code log camp and national association of multicultural digital entrepreneurs liaised with education organizations such as washington stem wested and education pioneers led all communication activities marketing public relations and social media pitched stories to journalists for prospective companies
__label__SALES sales associate summary dependable sales associate summary dependable hard-worker with over seven years of experience in maintenance work. skills dependable independent worker customer service skills good at following instructions customer service experience solid communication skills strong work ethic experience sales associate august 2013 to december 2013 responsibilities make the customer happy great customer services perform assigned/unassigned tasks face-front/organize shelves and bays skills used good oral/communication skills able to lift heavy objects always put the customer first lawn care technician may 2013 to september 2013 responsibilities lawn mowing- edging weed whipping blowing grass and debris off pavement and structures and 20 in. lawn mower was primarily my responsibilities. learned how to use the 36 42 in. mowers and rider. gardening/landscaping- maintain gardens by cultivating and weeding and mulching. snow plowing-snow blow/shovel driveways and sidewalks. salt afterwards. preform tasks quickly with minimal mistakes skills used learned how to use plenty of mowing/landscaping equipment 36 42 inch blades rider etc. handyman january 2009 to july 2016 handyman services including- window/gutter cleaning power washing/staining decks power washing houses painting repairing from little tasks like screens and windows to larger tasks like a basement. snow plowing. education high school diploma 2011 avondale high school liberal arts 2013 clackamas community
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations director experience public relations director experience public relations director developed a media plan for 4 divisions developed and fostered relationships between the media and division heads created and distributed press releases for 4 divisions significantly increased visibility for 3 of 4 divisions promoted in 3 leading publications that had not previously published articles about cadmuscom. polo specialist received outstanding response letters from clients for excellent customer service. exceeding presale goals for upcoming sale events. receiving high marks for working with fellow employees and customer service during a recent job appraisal. named to the bloomingdale s super sellers club. appointed mentor to assist newly hired associates. appointed loyallist leader to mentor associates for a new marketing program created an atmosphere where sales associates worked as a team that resulted in increased ralph lauren polo sales in the men s department. account executive created press releases for nonprofit organizations including new jersey nets and devils foundation the cherry blossom festival and the construction industry advancement program ciap . promoted the 26th annual cherry blossom festival which was covered by news 12 new jersey abc news world news now wnet-tv documentary a walk through newark and njn news. two new york area television stations-wabc-tv and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager summary information technology manager summary successful fifteen years of experience in it management and technical support. skilled in installation configuration migration and implementation of server platforms. dedicated it manager well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. experience in strategic planning designing and budgeting for new products. excellent troubleshooting skills in network servers and software applications. highlights leadership and vision network infrastructurehardware and software upgrade planningproject trackingbudgeting and resource management active directory adobe antivirus backup exec backup budget business processes call center capacity planning cisco computer assembly hardware contracts das direct attached storage database dell dell servers designing desktops documentation firewall hp hiring information systems iso 9000 leadership linux logistics mac mac os managing access microsoft certified professional microsoft exchange microsoft exchangeserver microsoft office professional office microsoft project microsoft visio professional windows 7 windows 8 windows nas network attached storage enterprise network printers network networking new product development operating systems pbx pci phone system policies project management quality quality assurance quality improvement quickbooks pro research robotic safety storage area network san scheduling servers microsoft sql microsoft sql server symantec teamwork technical analysis phones troubleshooting visio professional vision wan web portal experience information technology manager july 2000 to current provide
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary capable accountant accountant summary capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. i have 35 years of experience as an accountant in industries including public accounting petrochemical/research and technology oil and gas services equestrian farms manufacturing and health care. highlights accounting month-end financial analysis variance explanations budgeting fixed asset cost reductions outside auditors sap power user internal auditors riyadh core process review team ci/lean basic training-white belt certificate loss prevention team/auditor/fire warden employee s club member accomplishments key achievements protested property taxes and reduced property value by over 2m saving the more than 200k in annual property taxes and saving the more than 21k in property tax consulting fees. worked on budget committee for 2005 budget. spearheaded implementation of pb views in the accounting department for all cost centers at sai. served as a sap power user in the accounting department. served on the core process review team. experience november 2014 to march 2015 accountant republic services due diligence work on a couple acquisitions. balance sheet reconciliations for five divisions various other miscellaneous reconciliations in various systems. january 2011 to may 2014 cost/inventory accountant performed various functions in the cost/inventory
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY adjunct instructor skill highlights adjunct instructor skill highlights quality engineering process improvement acceptance testing strategic planning organizational development requirement assessment coaching mentoring business intelligence sdlc people management team building data analysis oracle sql/ms access progress rdb power point data warehousing hp quality center ms test rational software qa and pm templates ms word/excel ms project visio clarity software professional experience adjunct instructor january 1999 to november 2014 planning and strategy 01/2014 - 11/2014 oversaw and facilitated development qa and production of monthly metric dashboard packages across ait that illustrates the organization s collective value and overall contribution for senior level reporting and review. successfully led installation of the 1st service request tool for the planning and strategy team automating work order processing. project managed communication quality risk and implementation management following sdlc qa and project management life cycles. ait leadership development rotation program 2012 to 2013 leadership development program rotation across annuities organizational and functional departments focused on hands-on and real scenario exposure to various executive leadership approaches and styles. delivered quality and cost effective projects utilizing leadership agility enhanced ability to read organizations and honed skills in strategy execution. project managed design qa training and implementation of resource capacity management tool for annuities
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant summary over it consultant summary over seven years of software application development application support testing and implementation experience with web based and n-tier architectures involving all stages of software development life cycle sdlc . experience in developing web applications in . sdlc including requirements logical and physical architecture modeling design development implementation and support. ability to work in a fast paced collaborative environment and handle multiple concurrent projects. collaborate with partners to understand high-level conceptual flow and develop prototypes to review with business partners. functional domain experience involves healthcare life sciences and transportation. moved to application support team and leading an offshore team in triaging production related issues since six months experience in using fiddler in post production release validation for monitoring web traffic hands on experience in decompiling the code from the dll s by using dot peek tool achieved masters degree in computer sciences from university of il springfield highlights net framework asp.net c# .net xml html http ms sql server web services ado.net entity framework and linq expertise skills in css java script themes skins user controls custom controls and intrinsic management functionality in asp.net. experience in object oriented analysis design ooad concepts including inheritance polymorphism abstraction. expert skills
__label__DESIGNER senior graphic designer summary senior graphic designer summary diverse results-oriented graphic designer with over 30 years of experience in print logo design and dimensional signs. passionate about comprehensive strategic and brand-building design. demonstrated ability to work both independently as well as collaborate in large design teams. flexible big picture out-of-the-box thinker and expert brain-stormer with special emphasis on conceptual design. highlights graphic design expertise creative design aptitude quality assurance team leadership adobe cc suite strategic planning training and development corporate design accomplishments successfully orchestrated complex projects from the idea stage through design mock-up and final rendering to meet customer expectations while building customer loyalty. grew client base through strategic relationship building and consistently delivering successful campaigns and designs. experience 03/2017 to 08/2018 senior graphic designer sketched designs for large home builders such as stanley martin ryan homes nv homes van metre homes stylecraft homes dan ryan homes etc. adhered to strict branding guidelines when preparing sketches for client review designed logos interior acrylic display signs with stand off wall mounts 3-d signs impact logo signs routed top signs whip flags mailboxes take one boxes feather flags amenity signs site id sign model id signs banners and more prepared all final print files uploaded sketches
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary self-motivated accountant accountant summary self-motivated accountant offering a strong work ethic and determination to complete tasks in a timely manner. accurate and detail-oriented with extensive bookkeeping and clerical knowledge. skills accounts receivable professional skills sales software salesforce.com tapscan public relations software bacon s mediasource factiva desktop publishing software photoshop illustrator html experience 03/2010 to current accountant executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.evaluated accounting requirements during discovery meetings with potential clientsreceived recorded and banked cash checks and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions. 05/2007 to 03/2010 customer service rep excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.worked as a team member performing cashier duties product assistance and cleaning.guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.processed and issued money orders for customers. 06/2005 to 04/2007 store manager created training manuals targeted at resolving even the most difficult customer issues.successfully managed the activities of number team members in multiple locations.monitored the daily activities of number customer support teams.interviewed hired and trained new quality customer service representatives. education and training 2009 bachelor of science accounting kaplan university us accounting
__label__ADVOCATE bilingual domestic violence advocate bilingual domestic violence advocate skills word programs including excel and access epic and other electronic medical records and the database efforts to outcome eto . working knowledge of sas and r. experience bilingual domestic violence advocate sep 2015 to nov 2016 provided advocacy services appropriate to client needs to a caseload of approximately 30 clients through in person and/or phone contact. advocacy services included crisis intervention risk assessment safety planning supportive counseling and assistance in accessing community resources. covered on-call service one to two times a week on average. on-call service entailed serving as the first responder for intimate partner violence referrals from the hospital as well as self-referrals from the community. documented in passageway database eto and epic as appropriate. utilized various clinical strategies in work with clients. provided clients with psycho-educational resources regarding interpersonal violence. as appropriate to their desires worked with clients to improve thoughts and behaviors utilizing coping skills including behavioral activation and meditation among others. developed and led presentation regarding basic concepts around gender identity in order to increase program knowledge regarding transgender and genderqueer populations. presentation available at goo.gl/dft7at. invited to participate in brigham and women s hospital schwartz rounds schwartz rounds is a
__label__FINANCE director finance operations executive director finance operations executive profile motivated executive professional with 20 years of progressive experience in publishing and non-profit environments including extensive experience in project management budgeting and financial administration. consistently achieved optimal utilization of developing delivering and managing operations through process improvement planning program coordination and cultivation of strong business relationships. possess an established track record of creating and implementing programs and long-term business strategies aimed at growth.high-energy results-oriented leader that continues to be a ambitiously collaborating team player who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. skill highlights project management budgeting expertise capital and operating risk management analytical skills time management leadership/communication skills negotiations expert employee relations self-motivated customer-oriented team building team leadership core accomplishments project management eliminated excel budgeting with an the addition of abm software solution that streamlined data collection and automated reporting functionality. launched an on-line service that allowed our camp programs register through our website verses a manual excel tracking schedule. launched audubon s first corporate t e credit card programlaunched audubon s first procurement card program. led the process in launching audubon s first on-line invoicing solution. each of the last 4 bullets reduced transaction processing
__label__HR hr assistant professional summary hr assistant professional summary i am a hr assistant who can reflect your values of excellence quality. i provide excellent customer service for a variety of services while multi-tasking maintaining confidentiality and interacting with management employees customers and vendors. i am currently furthering my education in the medical field. i look forward to working in an environment that enables me use of my skills to gain further experience. skill highlights strong organizational skills sharp problem solver active listening skills courteous demeanor energetic work attitude work experience april 2008 to current hr assistant assemble employee new hire packs setting up monitoring and then tracking employee probationary periods carrying out background and reference checks on prospective employees acting as the first point of contact for anyone enquiring about a vacancy maintenance of the hr records and systems tracking of any employee anniversaries and awards they are due developing reports for hr director on clinical staff quotas screening phone calls emails letters and personal visits quality assurance tracking/monitoring quarterly. july 2007 to april 2008 client service representative scheduled aides and nurses for varies clients scheduled and completed dna collections completed orientation for field staff new hires verified payroll for field staff employees creating
__label__ENGINEERING engineering and quality technician engineering and quality technician career overview a highly experienced skilled graduate with analytics degree with a very good experience in sas web scraping sql predictive modelling and data visualization. excellent ability in identifying data requirements for analysis data cleaning munging and model building ensures the organization uses it effectively to reach profit and growth objectives. comfortable with data handling modeling and coding and have an appreciation of what makes sense from a business standpoint. more than six years of experience working as a researcher data analyst and environmental science and technology instructor. experience in sql data warehousing maintaining securing and stabilizing data layers and testing to identify data and product defects introduced in the system. customer segmentation product positioning and mapping and conjoint analysis modelling design and implement statistical / predictive models and cutting edge algorithms utilizing diverse sources of data to predict diversified experience with engineering manufacturing retailing higher education and it /data related companies fascinated by learning cutting edge technologies such as data mining and machine learning handled a team of 4 during my 3 years of tech experience and managed more than 200 students and effectively evaluated the performance of each student and utilize assessment methods to
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant highlights microsoft office accountant highlights microsoft office intermediate in all the microsoft office components excel word powerpoint outlook and access very familiar with macros v-look ups sql calculating formulas and manipulating reports as well as smart view running query reports and creating reports. sap peoplesoft navigate within resource one to retrieve financial reports and run queries experience 08/2014 to current accountant an accountant within the experimental therapeutics research department which prepares grant restricted and non-restricted financial reports to pi s within the department. create financial models and analysis for all restricted and non-restricted accounts within our department. prepares monthly financial reports for pi s. reconcile the ncrna core on a monthly basis. assists with the completion of effort reporting as well as completes job data update form jduf via the epaf system and expense transfers as needed to clear deficit. assist with the preparation of operating budget. assist with financial model for specific grants within our department. monitors and reviews departmental transactions to ensure compliance with established financial controls in accordance with divisional and institutional policies and to ensure applicable revenue and expenses are captured. communicates with grants and contracts to ensure that requests completed in a timely manner. reviews open po on
__label__TEACHER substitute teacher summary health substitute teacher summary health administration hospital operations public service major. an intelligent enthusiastic young professional with a progressive career in healthcare administration and looking for outstanding opportunities. experience working in various industries and capable of applying distinct skills and strategies to achieve professional goals. motivated and organized. attention to detail administrative support understanding of healthcare policy patient scheduling and billing knowledgeable of hippa laws records keeping highlights highly proficient in all microsoft programs word excel powerpoint outlook with great attention to detail effective verbal listening and written communication skills and problem solving skills motivated passionate and organized able to manage and complete multiple tasks and duties well practiced in administrative support and experience working in customer service for over 4 year team oriented developed by my career as an athlete and collegiate athlete experience substitute teacher 10/2015 to current after moving to fort lauderdale fl i decided to continue my experience in education in broward county. substitute teacher 08/2014 to 09/2015 school district responsible for the administration of 51 public schools in escambia county florida. grades k - 12 full-time substitute teacher for children ages 5 to 18. responsible for promoting an encouraging classroom environment. recognized for bringing my own
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS manager summary as a manager summary as a recent college graduate with a degree in psychology and a miner in business i posses over 5 years of experience in various fields and customer service management. throughout the years i have undertaken several jobs positions and internships. these placements have enabled me to develop not only specific industry experience but also valuable and transferable skill sets in the fast-paced sector of management marketing and public relations. being an exceedingly motivated and astute individual i seek to apply my current skill sets some of which are strong visualization skills communications leadership and organizational skills to the rewarding field of event planning. where i can bring my zealous strategic values. education major psychology minor business mercy college may. 2014 bachelor of science psychology relevant course work in developmental psychology cognitive psychology historical psychology experience september 2011 to current manager oversee staff reservations and great customer at this trendy manhattan restaurant. plan shift schedules for staff. monitor daily product deliveries and inventory. maintaining equipment adhering to health and safety precautions making sure the kitchen and dining areas follow health code standards keeping records of these practices for health inspectors solving employee or customer problems. personally increased restaurant traffic
__label__APPAREL shipper-vault bullion summary shipping shipper-vault bullion summary shipping clerk with broad background including management customer service and general warehouse operations. vast experience in all aspects of loading and transporting materials. highlights shipping software for ups ups and fed ex. microsoft outlook some exel some as400 .rf guns.inventory control procedures inventory tracking scheduling shipping and receiving ms office proficient outstanding communication skills retail inventory management meticulous attention to detail strong problem solver strong interpersonal skills invoice processing filing and data archiving order processing spreadsheet management accomplishments customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. recorded numbers of units handled and moved using daily production sheets or work tickets. experience shipper-vault bullion 10/2008 07/2015 shipping high valued amounts of gold/silver/custom coins shipping to online and other customers. packaging product in a accurate manner and ship it usps or fed ex. correct any discrepancies that may accrue at last quality check points. being sure all work areas are organized with stock and clean. meeting deadlines for special events for our customers. taking on new tasks as they are needed. cycle counts to ensure proper inventory levels. manged selected products for specific routes according to pick sheets. areas of bsa aa
__label__TEACHER teacher summary teacher devoted teacher summary teacher devoted to helping children think creatively solve problems independently and respect themselves and others. teacher focused on implementing highly effective instructional practices to improve student learning and academic performance. highlights friendly. complex problem solver active listener reliable and punctual excellent communication skills cheerful and energetic qualified tutor charting and recordkeeping positive reinforcement methods skilled in working with special needs children approachable complex problem solver experience teacher august 2005 to january 2016 teacher january 1997 to january 2004 teacher january 1986 to january 1989 skills proficiency in microsoft office capable of integrating these programs with the coursework taught sound decision maker giving recommendations and opinions to school management upon their requests discipline students setting basic class rules by encouraging student feedback patience encouraging students to express their discomforts and catering to them in timely manner giving personalized attention to students time management breaking up grading material in small groups in order to evaluate them timely structuring tasks based on priorities proficiency in mathematics and science more than 20 years of teaching experience in mathematics and science purposeful lesson planning making flexible lesson plans based on promoting students critical and analytic capabilities self-motivated fast learner learned various mathematics software
__label__HEALTHCARE licensed practical nurse- step-down licensed practical nurse- step-down unit summary licensed practical nurse with 15 years in providing direct care under rn and md supervision in diagnosis treatment prescription and follow-up with patients from pediatrics to geriatrics. additional expertise includes management and staff supervision. strong desire to focus on preventative care and health education. energetic and motivational and leader dedicated to driving top-quality patient care. looking for a position in a top-notch facility with a commitment to innovative processes. nursing expertise geriatrics pediatrics correctional nursing occupational health med- surg home healthcare hospice care school nursing travel nursing agencies hospitals doctor offices nursing homes education 2012 bachelor of science pre-med foundations in counseling samford university u.s 2009 pre- nursing rn lawson community college u.s 2003 licensed practical nurse bessemer technical college u.s experience 01/2017 to 09/2017 licensed practical nurse- step-down unit recorded patients medical history vital statistics and test results in medical records. administered iv therapy and medications per md orders monitored post-op vitals set up pca fluids reviewed post-op orders and orient patients to unit. developed and maintained quality care systems and standards including but not limited to creating and improving medical protocols/guidelines. sound ethical and independent decision-making ability consistent with medical protocols. disciplined
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development analyst summary business development analyst summary extensive analyst experience with emphasis on business development and data analytic ambitious detailed-oriented business professional with a high degree of mastery in analyzing complex business objectives and meeting deadlines under pressure. urgently adapts to challenges and changing environments. achievement-driven with a demonstrated history of exceeding development requirements and problem solving. top-preforming at providing financial support and cultivating lasting customer relationships. key skills business process improvement excellent attention to detail advanced adobe microsoft excel word and power point analytical and tactical planning flexible team player fast learner strong requirement tracing basic financial and operational reporting superb communication skills advanced problem solving abilities professional experience july 2016 to october 2017 business development analyst responsible for increasing leadership development for entry level business analyst implementing best business practices analyzing operation impacts and opportunities technology changes worked with end users administrators stake-holders and project managers to increase growth for clients by understanding objective requirements utilizing workshops with cases and scenarios to communicate potential financial improvements analyzing system root cause of defects and task/workflows analysis verified metrics use to determine inefficiencies and areas for improvement through budget management influencing business partner decision making surveying and site visits reviewed all tracked analyzed
__label__ADVOCATE shelter advocate summary dynamic shelter advocate summary dynamic shelter advocate with years of clerical experience that is great with communication skills and confidentiality. i am very experienced with computers and a tremendous amount of office skills. highlights crisis intervention and resolution complex problem solving skills valid texas driver s license reliable transportation strong decision maker fundraising background client engagement compassionate dedicated patient advocate self-starter event planning and coordination microsoft office suite accomplishments promoted to lead teller after 9 months of employment. promoted to assistant manager at a gas station after being a cashier for 1 month. assisted with organizing planning and hosting a candlelight vigil for the dove project inc. assists with supervising and directing the work of community service workers and volunteers. experience shelter advocate july 2014 to august 2015 - tested clients for drug use and referred them to other community resources. produced media advisories brochures fact sheets print ads and newsletters. promoted healthy habits and practices in outreach materials and presentations. charted and recorded information in client files. tracked client movement on and off the unit by documenting times and destinations of clients. traveled locally and regionally to conferences workshops and presentations. maintained up-to-date and comprehensive electronic and paper filing systems.
__label__HR hr coordinator summary highly hr coordinator summary highly accomplish human resource professional proficient at developing policy standard operating procedures and best practices. proven expertise in recruiting training employee development retention performance management and conflict resolution. adept at managing multiple projects simultaneously while demonstrating high performance standards with astute attention to details and deadlines. organizing large amounts of time sensitive information and evaluating priorities. able to thrive under pressure while maintaining enthusiasm and motivation. proficient in ms word kronos excel powerpoint outlook hcms. experience hr coordinator apr 2012 to current ensured compliance with federal local laws and aramark policy ensured job postings were posted onsite utilizing an active job postings board and all open positions are posted with the appropriate local and agencies. assists the district safety leader in managing key safety processes including the administration of workers compensation processes and the safety component of district manager monitor. processed all new hire paperwork ensures completion of background checks true-screen administration i-9 s. ensured wage hour compliance training and oversight to include applicant tally and postings. ensured job offers are made utilizing appropriate processes. conduct legally sound investigations and mediate disputes/issues between managers and employees to bring to resolution ensured organizational structure wages and position classification/job
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development director executive business development director executive profile global business development offering outstanding presentation communication and cross-cultural team management skills. high-energy results-oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. history of strong and effective management with dealer principals c-level corporate end users a/d community real estate and construction industry. ambitious sales leader who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights strong leadership communication skills strategic account development fortune 500 partner experience national account management exceeds sales goals cross-functional team management negotiations expert goal-oriented team building expertise staff development professional experience business development director 02/2014 to 01/2016 - created new revenue streams through clearly understanding client goals and objectives generated new business through positioning staples wide disciplines to outperform expectations. problem solve at organizational levels utilizing national contracts such as avendra group purchasing organizations and buying consortium agreements. increased profit margins by 50 in one year through restructuring client specific contracts leveraging their total spend with staples implement national furniture standards program reducing rogue vendor spend by 50 20 million dollar book of new business regional sales director 02/2007 to 02/2014 - development
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary several years accountant summary several years experience in providing information and creating software solutions for business needs and efficiencies. three plus years experience in varying accounting positions. work well independently and as part of a team. knowledgeable in use of ms office products. skills excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail self-directed results-oriented professional and mature strong problem solver dedicated team player understands grammar experience 01/2009 to 02/2010 accountant prepared amended and reviewed individual income tax returns. assisted in individual tax planning and preparation of corporate income tax returns. 01/1993 to current data processing manager/programmer the nation s largest independent corn and soybean seed focused on developing the world s best- performing corn soybean seed. responsible for enhancements to software written in cobol and cl on an ibm system i as/400 iseries power system . assist management and other staff with information needs and questions. design develop test and document modifications to accounts receivable orders inventory growers billing miscellaneous invoicing general ledger accounts payable payroll bank reconciliation and budgeting. provide information to management through reports queries spreadsheets maps written documents and verbally. support and train employees in software changes. schedule and monitor system backup restore information when needed. design and maintain resource and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development executive profile results- driven and highly skilled account manager and sales leader with 10+ years of experience developing and executing plans that cover all aspects of the sales cycle. provide strategic support to customers by leveraging trends in technology analytical analysis and solutions to the challenges of their business. creates effective strategies to keep the pipeline accurate moving and exceeding goals. skill highlights strategic account development strong interpersonal skills team building expertise proven sales track record relationship selling strong deal closer skilled multi-tasker analytical problem solver core accomplishments created strategies to develop and expand customer sales which resulted in a 67 increase in annual sales. increased territory penetration 25 from 19 to 25 states. managed a portfolio of accounts totaling 10 500 000 in annual sales and 32 000 000 in total contract value. generated a pipeline of more than 150 000 000 in net new opportunities in 12 months. professional experience director of business development 07/2013 to current worked closely with other executives to identify new business opportunities securing contracts for enterprise government software software as a service saas infrastructure as a service iaas and managed service solutions. targeted new government agencies and new product
__label__APPAREL assistant manager summary general assistant manager summary general associates with emphasis in business admin. and communications current 3.0 gpa volunteer junior achievement teacher grades 1st and 3rd 3 yrs. as a volunteer in special needs classroom routinely helped as many as 350 customers each day in a high-volume retail store. consistently exceeding daily sales targets with an average of 3000 in sales each day. over 13 years in retail/customer service has managed over 13 people at one time. experience assistant manager february 2015 to current closing and opening store and all daily operations. loss prevention. banking and merchandising. assistant manager january 2013 to february 2015 communicated information to customers about product quality value and style. communicated merchandise needs and issues to appropriate supervisors in a timely fashion. completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote customer satisfaction. store manager january 2011 to january 2013 educated customers on product and service offerings. offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the brand. communicated store policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. swing manager january 2008 to january 2011 worked hands on with h.s students in their training and development to manager trainees. recruited hired developed and retained retail talent for the
__label__BANKING research assistant summary seeking research assistant summary seeking a position in a research institution or a university skills managerial accounting legal environment of business financial management operations management business information systems managerial economics organizational behavior and management processes quantitative analysis for business decisions financial statement analysis marketing management strategic management and professional paper and presentation.managerial accounting legal environment of business financial management operations management business information systems managerial economics organizational behavior and management processes quantitative analysis for business decisions financial statement analysis marketing management strategic management and professional paper and presentation.microsoft word microsoft excelmicrosoft powerpointmicrosoft projectmicrosoft accessmicrosoft outlook express experience 02/2005 to 05/2005 research assistant college of business administration and economics new mexico university nm. do market research prepare and write business and marketing plans for start-up companies. work under the supervision of dr. kevin boberg associate dean. 01/2002 to 01/2003 officer industrial and commercial bank of vietnam http //www.icb.com.vn translated banking documents in english to vietnamese. acted as an interpreter when needed. developed and maintained the correspondent banking relationship with russian banks. kept track of loans borrowed from foreign banks. worked on the returnee project between vietnam and the german reconstruction bank. did other administrative and clerical work. 02/1999 to 02/2001 02/1999 certificate
__label__ENGINEERING mineralogy engineering intern summary mineralogy engineering intern summary passionate graduate student in extractive metallurgy with solid industrial experience a diverse academic background and strong leadership and relationship-building skills. education colorado school of mines 2016 master of science materials and metallurgical engineering usa thesis work comprises of flotation fundamentals including zeta potential contact angle adsorption density as well lab scale flotation. expected graduation date may 2016 aalto university 2014 materials and metallurgical science finland european minerals engineering course. studied plant automation metallurgical plant design and flotation. university of miskolc 2013 mineral processing hungary european minerals engineering course. focused on mineral processing including comminution and agglomeration. wroclaw university of technology 2013 materials and metallurgical engineering poland european minerals engineering course. took courses in hydrometallurgy biometallurgy pyrometallurgy and mineral economics. colorado school of mines 2013 bachelor of science materials and metallurgical engineering usa graduated with honors cum laude. experience june 2014 to september 2014 mineralogy engineering intern working with lab and pilot plant scale project in minerals processing including flotation magnetic separation screening. may 2013 to august 2013 metallurgical engineering intern developed and performed a study on several quality issues for anode production. collaborated with operations technical and maintenance to ensure implementation of project. conducted laboratory work
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development coordinator professional business development coordinator professional summary program coordinator bringing extensive background in training coordination system administration and operations . organized resourceful and detail-oriented with exceptional planning and decision-making abilities. core qualifications troubleshooting and problem solving exceptional telephone etiquette professional demeanor self-starter time management ability ability to prioritize deadline-oriented employee training and development experience business development coordinator may 2016 to current technology coordinator october 2014 to may 2016 supports region director of technology and five system engineers by tracking and forecasting opportunities from start to finish. proposal creation in paperless proposal system. created contracts upon new or amended technology sales. manages all aspects of the learning management system and serves as the main point of contact for the south region which consists of 11 states and puerto rico. serves as the sse/soa administrator for the south region by setting up users changes related to splits/merges and terminations and reporting. works with solutions team and it by submitting appropriate documentation to get credentials created for client portal. creates webex conference meetings and maintains weekly region training schedule for operations sales and hr content. region coordinator february 2014 to october 2014 carries out diverse administrative duties and implements organizational policies and practices on behalf
__label__FITNESS emergency department physician professional emergency department physician professional summary i intend to practice general endocrinology however i am pursuing additional training in the area of obesity medicine and hope to bring this expertise to the practice i join. my background in nutrition science and exercise as well as my clinical experience in weight management and bariatric clinics and research endeavors in clinical weight loss trials will enable me to develop the skills i need to supervise and direct patients in their weight loss efforts. i am open to working in both the inpatient and outpatient setting as my fellowship training has equipped me to manage inpatient diabetes and endocrine consults. education and training endocrinology clinical and research fellowship 2016 duke university medical center us endocrinology clinical and research fellowship at duke university medical center. anticipated completion june 2016. master of science clinical research 2016 duke university us anticipated graduation may 2016. internal medicine residency 2013 virginia commonwealth university us medical doctorate 2010 medical college of georgia us bachelor of science biology 2006 university of georgia us magna cum laude with high honors bachelor of science family and consumer sciences nutrition science 2006 university of georgia us magna cum laude with high honors professional experience
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager summary technical construction manager summary technical support professional with extensive it background. enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to technical issues. accomplishments effective administrator of both human and material resources. able to take a project from the blueprint and contract stage through complex troubleshooting to finalization. capable of delegating and prioritizing workload scheduling manpower equipment and materials monitoring productivity quality and safety and coordinating a project to achieve on-target timely and seamless completion. estimating strong analytical skills. able to research cost and time factors in order to formulate competitive project bids while protecting the bottom line. sensitive to budget constraints. keen ability to properly allocate expenditures and profitably manage expenses within preset parameters. communication articulate as a negotiator presenter advocate and spokesman. provide a viable liaison between various professions disciplines trades crafts and multiple levels of management and employees. manpower development proven ability as a motivator trainer and team builder. successful at matching talent to need. able to identify and develop desirable personnel skills. experience construction manager oct 2013 to current manage all aspects of new home construction projects including customer relationship building acquiring the proper building permits budget creation scheduling construction and overseeing field operations. direct personnel operations conduct hiring and schedule
__label__AVIATION entrepreneur general manager professional entrepreneur general manager professional summary airport operations safety and training coordinator with management experience and exceptional people skills. versed in accident investigation and analysis to develop action plans and initiatives to address accident trends . desires a challenging role as a safety training manager . experience entrepreneur general manager 12/2011 to 12/2015 conducted analysis to address loss of revenue which led to complete turnaround . increased sales by 17 over a two-year period. provided onsite training. monitored multiple databases to keep track of all inventory. successfully led key projects which resulted in new source of revenue . planned and executed new line of business. monitored multiple databases to keep track of all inventory . managed the daily operations of the gas station. oversaw sales inventory and staff monthly. conducted and performed inspections of all gas equipment and facilities. maintained and obtained a clean and customer friendly environment for various customers. enforced and implemented strict policies and procedures regulating the gas station. responsible for hire and managing more than 30 employees. oversaw the price management of fuels and merchandise. monitored monthly sales and inventory prepared monthly cash balance reports for the gas station and convenience store. sought prepared negotiated and obtained
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY operations research analyst summary operations research analyst summary personable project manager successful at building strong professional relationships. manages large and complex projects while maintaining high team morale and energy. more than eight years of progressive management experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives directing project plans and achieving performance targets. highlights organized unsurpassed work ethic results-oriented detail-oriented process improvement management information systems work flow planning software/hardware support experience accomplishments initiation and design of equipment testing program leading to memorandum of understanding between the department of homeland security national urban security technology laboratory and the new york police department. recipient of numerous awards for both team and individual performance. completed government training and certification program for test and evaluation manager level ii. developed working relationships with many and local responder agencies. experience operations research analyst 01/2010 to current initiated and managed program to test incoming radiation detection equipment into new york new jersey and connecticut. since 2009 the project has tested over 25 million dollars worth of equipment and more than 10 000 units. activities included process and procedure development instrumenting and maintaining test facilities and managing and scheduling testing team. coordination of activities with the new york police department nypd counter terrorism bureau
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction safety officer summary construction safety officer summary resourceful and extroverted safety professional with five plus years of hands on experience in safety coordination. expert in occupational safety and emergency management. well versed in handling employee compensation claims and supervising risk analysis. qualifications and expertise proficient in facility monitoring and implementation of osha employee safety guidelines demonstrated ability to manage care operations insurance underwriting and claim forwarding expertise in filing handling and processing employee claims thorough knowledge of industrial hygiene standards well familiar with osha regulatory authorities adept at designing and implementing viable precautionary programs based on risk analysis committed to establishment implementation and promotion approved occupational policies and guidelines experience construction safety officer sep 2010 to jul 2014 responsible for doing regular work site inspections and bringing any safety issues up to field management. responsible for filing regular local and federal safety reports for each project. responsible for creating a monthly safety briefing for project managers and executives working out of the main office. safety coordinator nov 2008 to current conduct risk analysis and issue safe work method statements regularly monitor and supervise standard operation procedures at the premises conduct monthly employee safety audits issue audit reports and make necessary changes in the
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary highly consultant professional summary highly organized microbiologist successful at managing people and time with expertise in molecular genetic research quality control system operations cross functional leadership consulting training and development and validation of new products and facilities. skills rna isolation knowledge proficient in pcr in-vivo transcription published researcher skilled in genotyping protein isolation southern blotting transcription profiling equipment maintenance statistical analysis elisa assay expert in design control iso 9001 environment extraction separation and purification techniques trained in lab safety ms office proficiency training proposals expert in developing inventory systems creative instruction styles and techniques certified training specialist in consulting project management presentations expert charismatic public speaker skilled in working with special needs adults proficient in creating and maintaining schedules taught aseptic technique lessons to over 400 participants instructional technologies knowledge intuitive people management skills assisted in oos investigations change control for quality systems rdp ncbi tigr kegg omim entrez minitab psi-blast tree view gen bank pub med gene pix pro 5.0 analysis of cogs and cdd ms office ms outlook citrix sever ftp clients lims sap isotrain and ikat vibes cognos word power point access outlook. work history consultant 04/2016 to current as a consultant i provide consulting and technical training
__label__HR hr executive summary dual hr executive summary dual specialization in the domain of human resource management and finance. highlights human resources management people-oriented new employee orientations maintains confidentiality experience may 2013 to june 2014 hr executive duties and responsibilities ensure that accurate job description are in place provide advice and assistance with writing job descriptions identify training and development opportunities provide advice and assistance to supervisors on staff recruitment prepare notices and advertisements for vacant staff positions schedule and organise interview prepare develop and implement procedures and policies on staff recruitment daily attendance monitoring provide advice and recommendations on disciplinary actions monitor schedule absence such as holidays or travel and coordinate actions following up with hired employees for the completion of the h.o. documents and files maintaining complete attendance record of the employees including leave records. preparing salary based on these records at the end of each month for hr and manger approvals liaison including greeting all persons entering organization in a professional manner handling hr events and celebrations including office get together and /promotion parties office maintenances and housekeeping including monitoring the general appearance of office infrastructure preparing monthly expenses statement. education 2012 doon university india mba management summer internship project title impact
__label__TEACHER preschool teacher summary enthusiastic preschool teacher summary enthusiastic preschool teacher talented at teaching visual art music and theater. engages children with diverse and enjoyable activities involving theatrical play musical instruments and hands-on learning. experience august 2015 to current preschool teacher provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore manipulate and use both in learning activities and in imaginative play. attend to children s basic needs by feeding them dressing them and changing their diapers. teach basic skills such as color shape number and letter recognition personal hygiene and social skills. establish and enforce rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order. read books to entire classes or to small groups. organize and lead activities designed to promote physical mental and social development such as games arts and crafts music storytelling and field trips. september 2014 to august 2015 opening coordinator make daily decisions to ensure product quality store cleanliness and other standards are met. understand cost control procedures financial accounting inventory levels and labor management. monitor shift profitability. know understand and execute proper cash handling and safe procedures. set up shift board and personnel positioning. responsible for receiving deliveries and following all security procedures. ensure birthday parties are set up and
__label__FITNESS online coaching personal training online coaching personal training summary professional fitness/wellness coach with strong consultative sales background and high level of expertise in online nutrition coaching personal training and behavior coaching. dynamic speaker presenter and writer delivering impactful and motivational presentations. extensive knowledge of nutrition exercise anatomy and physiology. skills selling coaching motivating presenting writing customer relations fitness training professional speaking radio seminars tv organizing tech and social media savvy microsoft office wordpress facebook twitter instagram experience online coaching personal training 01/2011 to current clients have access to a broad range of services from online to in-person personal training nutrition programming weight loss consultations and exercise analysis. fitbyraphael is a one-stop total solution for fitness weight-loss and an overall healthy lifestyle. solution focused health coaching based on readiness for change assessment establish trust and rapport with clients through collaborative coaching proactive communication use of empathy and consistency of follow-through high-level of communication and unlimited support email phone skype resulting in high levels of compliance and successful outcomes successful results from motivational interviewing and cognitive behavioral strategies to shift mindset and improve self- efficacy daily accountability using online food journaling privately produced fully instructional exercise video library authored two successful ebooks the power of healing
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations manager summary public relations manager summary i am a seasoned professional with 30 years of experience in communications public relations event planning and media relations. i have extensive knowledge of marketing campaigns sales messaging and dissemination techniques and methods. i am an award-winning writer and editor with multimedia production experience who communicates effectively with target audiences through strategic brand management and pr campaigns. core competencies project management sound judgment deadline-driven marketing and sales specialist exceptional writer proficient web management and cms applications decisive problem solver team player with transportation experience experience public relations manager 06/1998 to 10/2012 lead communications professional for nation s fifth largest truckload carrier with 10 000 employees and 1.5b revenue. researched planned implemented and tracked public relations communications and marketing activities. expanded recognition in the national press in support various departments including sales and marketing. cultivated positive relationships with the community and area media outlets through public relations initiatives. organized executive public appearances lectures and exhibits to increase awareness of u.s. xpress as a leader in the transportation industry and as a leading business in chattanooga. planned and organized corporate media and other special events. managed all media press and public relations issues. developed corporate communications strategies and
__label__TEACHER teacher summary highly ethical teacher summary highly ethical dependable and diligent expert in the curriculum development field. highlights curriculum development and assessment ms office proficient strong communicator instructional design e-learning tools learning management systems accomplishments designed effective lesson plans focused on age and level-appropriate material. experience june 2012 to current teacher designed research based curriculum for writing instruction using the trivium approach. saw student scores rise as a result of my curriculum. developed research based curriculum for language arts lessons using the addie method of instructional design. analyzed standards and school standards. developed grammatical lessons according to standards. monitored student learning by creating effective critical thinking strategies like sentence analysis using diagramming to enhance learning outcomes. created and evaluated quality assessment tools to maximize student learning. as a result of my curriculum and instructional design student scores rose in language arts and reading comprehension by 4 in the aims test after one year. after three years of using this instructional method studentscores rose in writing/language arts by 12 . in 2015 93 of students scored at meets/exceeds on inaugural az merit writing exam. 64 scored at exceeds on az merit writing exam because of my curriculum and instructional design. consistently met strict grading report
__label__DESIGNER 3d designer/ graphic designer 3d designer/ graphic designer summary i am seeking a position where my experience can used to make a positive contribution. skills photoshop indesign after effects maya illustrator z brush /xp professional/ vista/ windows mac microsoft word windows nt/95/98 os sketch up daz 3d dreamweaver powerpoint analog integrated circuits cinema 4d excel html xml experience 3d designer/ graphic designer meeting clients or account managers to discuss the business objectives and requirements of the job . estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes for clients . developing design briefs that suit the client s purpose . thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts and developing interactive design . using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time . presenting finalized ideas and concepts to clients or account managers . working with a range of media including computer-aided design cad and keeping up to date with emerging technologies . proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work . demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches and working on layouts ready for print . commissioning illustrators and photographers . working as part of a team with printers copywriters photographers stylists illustrators other designers account executives web
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary to obtain accountant summary to obtain a challenging and rewarding accounting position that will permit the use of my skills knowledge and education to maximize my full potential while developing additional knowledge and abilities highlights sap as400 cams microsoft office suite experience 01/2013 to 03/2014 accountant approved and set up new capital jobs into jde entering all new assets into jde and cams upon completion of job keeping track of spending to ensure budget compliance maintaining files for cip and ensured proper documentation once job was completed. 2. finance tag working with admin managers to remain within budget relating to expenses acting as a go-to person when questions and concerns arise conducting monthly one-on-one meetings with admin managers and communicated any new policies that were to be implemented. 3. purchasing cards conducted monthly audits of visa purchasing cards ensured compliance with established policies making use tax entries when necessary on outside purchases. 4. other various duties entered monthly journal entries and accruals reconciled assigned balance sheets and collect/document all balance sheets for llc cargill inc. and gp completed government reporting/compliance forms. 06/2012 to 12/2012 campus accountant 1. managing student accounts processed various forms of students payments including self-payments financial aid military benefits
__label__AVIATION bakery entrepreneur summary comprehensive bakery entrepreneur summary comprehensive experience in manufacturing reliability engineering and nuclear processing. experience bakery entrepreneur 10/2011 to 08/2014 established and built a strong local cupcake store brand through quality products community. involvement and alternative advertising methods. performed employee hiring training and supervisory duties. engaged in day-to-day operations of all aspects of the store including baking cleaning and customer service. project engineer 02/2010 to 02/2014 hired on through nuclear fuel services located in erwin tn and transferred to b w in 2011 data research for equipment segmentation and disposal project research and design cutting methods for large equipment design self-powered transportation system for large equipment project engineer for design phase of a new category 2 nuclear processing facility isotek project perform field walk downs to generate p id drawings using autocad for assigned systems develop technical basis for assigned systems develop technical specifications and requirements including documentation of engineering calculations to support technical basis perform and review calculations for new design and facility support write and review system design descriptions for new design perform database maintenance for an equipment reliability system reliability engineer intern 05/2007 to 08/2009 summer 2007 located on-site at dupont chambers works deepwater nj set up bearing ultrasound
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant highlights -soft skills accountant highlights -soft skills public speaking public relations team building project management procedure writing staff supervision and management ability to interface with professionals on all levels. accomplishments honors and activities -board of directors member for the food bank of corpus christi from november 2010 to april 2013. -held life insurance license -basketball official referee high school varsity level. accomplishments accomplishments honors and activities experience accountant august 2014 to may 2015 perform daily and routine accounting functions for two main companies and five small royalty companies. responsibilities include but are not limited to the following accounts payable accounts receivable manage and reconcile funds for multiple banks accounts payroll perform detail audits and adjustments of balance sheet and income statement accounts audit and pay monthly sales tax inventory reconciliations and budgeting. district administrative manager february 2014 to june 2014 managed and assisted the accounts receivable accounts payable and hr/payroll staff for our district with daily entrees follow-up and reporting as needed. prepared and presented daily reports to various departments for more accurate management of the financial areas of their operations such as inventory purchase orders and bill of lading. performed accounting functions in on-base ax avantis and microsoft office software. business manager
__label__AVIATION senior supply sergeant objective senior supply sergeant objective to obtain a position in the logistics arena as an inventory management specialist logistics management specialist supply management specialist or senior logistics analyst within any organization in which my experience knowledge and skills will be used accordingly. professional experience senior supply sergeant 04/2012 to current knowledgeable of army supply regulations processes principles procedures and concepts of logistics management. responsible for processing analyzing and reviewing equipment fielding documents. managed equipment readiness retrograde and redistribution. maintained records for lost destroyed and stolen property.coordinated the execution of more than 5 million in government contracts from initial request to contract award.reviewed and corrected budget estimates and proposals for completeness accuracy and compliance with established regulations policies and procedures. trained senior leaders and subordinates on logistics and supply operations and the property book enhanced system pbuse . senior logistics noncommissioned officer 05/2011 to 04/2012 supervised and managed all logistical operations and expertise in the areas of logistic supply management property book management movement control planning coordinating monitoring and executing logistics preparation sustainment and battle tracking within the brigade. monitored and ensured that unit followed command and supply discipline program within the guidelines of the department of the army regulations.conducted required inspections
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS assistant secretary summary reliable assistant secretary summary reliable legal secretary successful at maintaining complex docket systems tracking deadlines and coordinating depositions. organized legal secretary adept at managing multiple high priority tasks. expert in preparing legal documents such as briefs motions and subpoenas. highlights microsoft office - ms words power point excel access publisher spss 16.0 interpersonal skills experience assistant secretary apr 2016 to current address sh 6a jalan mutiara taman bukit ampang jalan bukit belacan 68000 ampang selangor. executive secretarial aug 2014 to jul 2015 address level 8 symphony house pusat dagangan dana 1 jalan pju 1a/46 47301 petaling jaya selangor darul ehsan assistant secretary oct 2012 to jun 2013 no. 7-1f jalan boling padang g 13/g seksyen 13 40100 shah alam. practical student jan 2012 to mar 2012 address tingkat 3 menara selatan bangunan sultan idris shah persiaran masjid 40676 shah alam selangor darul ehsan. education maicsa professional level malaysia institute of chartered secretary malaysia bachelor in corporate administration corporate administration 2012 universiti teknologi mara malaysia corporate administration secretarial management and office management public relation diploma in public administration public administration 2010 universiti teknologi mara malaysia policy and administration office management human resources accomplishments practical student courses and seminar extended 2012 participate in
__label__TEACHER teacher summary highly enthusiastic teacher summary highly enthusiastic motivated responsible caring dedicated and committed high school math educator who has earned trust and respect from students colleagues and administration for almost 19 years. core qualifications ma education effectively work with parents knowledgeable in microsoft word power point presentation different software like derive google docs dropbox excel experience working special needs students motivating students interactive teaching/learning innovative lesson planning learning style assessment differentiated instruction achievements teacher of the month in january 2011 nominated teacher of the year in june 2011 at mctm teacher of the month in may 2014 qualified to apply for teacher of the year in spring 2014. enriched with the different teaching strategies and techniques gained the trust and respect of the students parents colleagues and administrators appointed h3 team leader in the math department assigned as moderator of math mentors club n ominated as one of the top 3 most outstanding high school teacher for junior category in sy 2002 -2003 elected facampa treasurer in the high school unit nominated again as one of the most outstanding high school teacher for junior category this sy 2004 -2005 used to write for vita matematica a math magazine published every quarter for all
__label__HR hr specialist/ horizontal engineer hr specialist/ horizontal engineer professional summary passionate hr specialist with over 10 years extensive experience in completing reference checks preliminary phone interviews job advertisement preparation recruitment assistance and the like. highly skilled in performing human resource and/or clerical functions for personnel matters impacting business decisions. extremely proficient in creating managing and administering hr systems aligning policies and procedures with compliance laws. proven record of maintaining department s data integrity. possess positive attitude strong organizational skills and attention to detail with accuracy. skills word excel powerpoint outlook relevant coursework theories of human communication oral communication customer service oriented resolves customer problems detail-oriented oral communication and writing skills employee relations manager coaching and training payroll expertise works well in group setting interpersonal skills staffing and recruiting professional project management budget management purchasing excellent time management proficient in ms office fast learner performance management strategies treats people with respect keeps commitments inspires the trust of others works with integrity multi-tasking ability ability to learn quickly time management work history hr specialist/ horizontal engineer 09/2007 to current carried out all recruitment processes including head-hunting reaching potential candidates by telephone/email applicants resume screening interviewing applicants processed background checks shortlisting finalizing hiring and closing vacancies carried
__label__SALES sales support experience sales sales support experience sales support february 2002 to january 2010 directed team-centric initiatives to process and release 56 000+ digitally preflight pdfx1a run of press /magazine ads totaling 50 million in publications via associated press adsend b-linked adtransit ftp sites and platforms for macy s inc. liaised among production department and pre-press teams to ensure color corrections and quality control were maintained as well as staff at major magazines doing color mark-ups on press runs / approvals for quality control. implemented vio adsend web application to release digital plate macy s ads to publications as well as soft proofing for both creative and production departments and adgate adsend program for releasing ads to publication. served as a stakeholder / team member of a soft proof committee responsible for implementation of new approve v.1.3 digital color approval / correction system on eizo monitors. led transition team centralizing four 4 / color run of press rop operations divisions into new macy s inc. continually aligned costs with planned budget to decrease production expenses 25 every quarter. increased processing efficiency 50 decreased errors 75 via a new adsend roadmap for adobe advertising cloud team. created cost-controlling production schedules to coordinate an increase in
__label__FITNESS human resources manager www.linkedin.com/in/theealimuniz human resources manager www.linkedin.com/in/theealimuniz professional summary dedicated human resource manager with hands-on personnel management experience and business-related academic knowledge that blends seamlessly into a position such as human resources manager. adapt at addressing sensitive issues and maintaining the strictest of confidentiality. particularly organized and efficient with a flair for prioritizing. as well as highly skilled at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. skills equal opportunities facilitation recruitment strategies labor negotiations recordkeeping compensation structuring benefits administration payroll coordination workforce improvements organization training programs human resources certification new employee orientations compensation and benefits termination procedures ms office proficient project management fmla comprehension society for human resource management team building in-depth knowledge of hr compliance trained in fmla/ada/eeo/wc knowledgeable in all hr systems professionals in human resources association employee recruitment business mediation adp workforce now sharepoint intranet softwar sharepoint intranet software microsoft office microsoft access oracle profit line cpr and bilingual english/spanish outlook paychexflex zenefits crimshield docusign conflict management and problem solving personnel management interpersonal skills organized and efficient diplomatic conflict resolution business knowledge pivot tables work history human resources manager 01/2018 to current sourced for contract temp and direct to hire employees order vid pid tech numbers for employees through
__label__FITNESS fitness trainer professional summary fitness trainer professional summary articulate certified personal trainer driven to succeed. strategic planning and client relationship management expert. looking to advance my career here at planet fitness and take my member oriented approach to a reach a much larger scale of members. core qualifications very broad background in fitness industry. graduated in the top 10 in my graduating class. 15+ years motivating people as a coach getting people to perform at a high level. diverse background with coaching/fitness/sales. expert communicator to help drive success and motivate. cpr/first aid certified. asfa certified fitness trainer. 10+ years of doing public speaking engagements in the sport of softball to prospective coaches. experience fitness trainer august 2014 to current taught and implemented all classes in the pe pf schedule. made great relationships with members and gave them +1 . designed specific workouts for each member and made myself available to make the members feel special about what they are doing. added to the biggest loser class to make it more effective and enjoyable to our members. taught over 40+ classes per week. assistant softball coach/recruiting coordinator january 2013 to current plan organize and conduct practice sessions. plan and direct physical conditioning programs that will
__label__ENGINEERING corporate process/systems engineering manager corporate process/systems engineering manager executive summary high-energy engineering manager driven to cut costs and boost revenue through innovative management techniques. organized and diligent with excellent written oral and interpersonal communication skills. results-focused management professional offering 30 years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success. core qualifications lean manufacturing and management six sigma tools and methodologies like rcm fmea dmaic and pfd. restructuring and reducing manpower while improving efficiency. six sigma certified advanced experience with the following software microsoft office 2003-2011 microsoft visio 2008-2010 business objects sap apple lion pages keynote numbers microsoft access 2010 visual studio 2008-2010 microsoft project netbeans textpad sql server 2008 powersteering tango. computer language experience - html css java java script c++ vb.net asp.net in bsit degree program completed c++ classes java 1 java 2 web design 1 web design 2 algorithms software engineering courses. these classes included creating and building websites building a c++ mortgage calculator completing a java gui and non- gui mortgage calculator with and without an amortization table. we were required to utilize and become very comfortable with netbeans and textpad software. microsoft project software
__label__CHEF ashanique gray summary diligently ashanique gray summary diligently coordinates all warehouse activities to keep products moving quickly and meet continuous shipping demands. highly organized leader with good program management and team-building abilities focused on maximizing efficiency and performance. proven track record of enforcing best practices in fast-paced environments. skills mental health assessments behavior modification conflict mediation data analysis and reporting loading unloading trailers machine operations team lead communication skills structured value is a must cleansiness and professionalism experience express employment professionals / jan 2014 to may 2021 while working for this i worked for fedex in halethorpe md amazon dap and goetes candy employed skills in crisis intervention to help resolve difficult situations. improved profit margins by streamlining operations and workflow. defined strategies and created a plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives. motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other. resolved interpersonal conflicts by listening finding common ground and building relationships. demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others. palletizing work order packages and operating power jack machine to store away orders scan sort training on the job first team staffing / mar 2013 to aug 2020 authored error-free formal and informal business
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager / information technology manager / network engineer professional overview a highly skilled and accomplished information technology manager with over 16 years of expertise in planning implementing and streamlining it systems to ensure maximum customer satisfaction and business revenue. strong leader with demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels and in all functional areas. exceptional communication and project management skills with the ability to successfully manage multiple priorities and assignments. skills platforms windows 2000 2003 server and professional windows xp pro and home win 3.11/95/98 dos 6.22 citrix ica ms exchange 2000 hardware hp ibm dell and intel based server and desktop platforms cisco 2500 switches sonic wall hardware vpns hp laser jets toshiba e-310 color copier toshiba and sony laptops inter-tel software ms office visio citrix metaframe xp symantec pc anywhere ghost antivirus utilities win fax mcafee virus scan adobe acrobat illustrator photoshop partition magic adware spyware networking tcp/ip wireless 802.11 a/b/g dns wins dhcp relevant experience information technology manager / network engineer feb 2006 to current responsible for all day-to-day operations and functions of wilkes mchugh s six offices and 300 staff members. currently lead a team of 6 it professionals and developers in the planning upgrades
__label__TEACHER substitute teacher skills computer substitute teacher skills computer literate drivers listening natural packaging quality rapport teaching experience substitute teacher 01/2014 to 11/2014 prepare lunch direct children for recess aid in teaching class. teacher aid 08/2011 to 06/2012 welcome children and direct them to the proper area for that day. assist children with assignments and lead them to completion of assignments. assist with manners and lunch prep. teach yoga to students. attend any field trips and supervise activity. forklift driver 04/2009 to current safely move any product to the proper location after unloading it from the truck. check weight and product packaging as its unloaded. keep all area s clean and clear of trash while production is going. take care of any paperwork and make sure it is legible. quality assurance technician/ forklift driver 06/2003 to 06/2006 performed proportions and weight tests. printed and checked labels. checked chlorine and metal detection of each line. checked in products and conducted temperature verifications for each product. bailed boxes loaded tied bails into trucks unloaded products and any box trucks arranged products from oldest to newest and printed labels to tag each product as they came in. worked closely with drivers and product teams to ensure quality. education
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager/quality manager profile engineering manager/quality manager profile results driven mechanical engineer with excellent technical analytical and communication skills. a record of positive achievement demonstrated by extensive participation and leadership in manufacturing engineering engineering management and production management projects. additional experience in design marketing and manufacturing support for fabricated metal products used for polymer filtration turbine engine gas path seals aerospace and industrial acoustic treatments and thermal barrier systems. four years experience in product design and manufacturing supervision for metallic brush seals used in gas and steam turbine engines. seven years experience in design and manufacturing engineering of aerospace and industrial acoustic products. developed process for electrolytic nickel plating and brazing components used for semi-conductor bases. justified specified developed layout and supervised construction of a 20 000 square foot metal working plant used for manufacturing semi-conductor bases. developed manufacturing process for turbine engine abradable air seals. justified specified and supervised installation and start up of machine tools furnaces welding equipment and adhesive bonding equipment used to manufacture turbine engine compressor shrouds and main engine and auxiliary power unit acoustic treatments. designed proprietary equipment for use in manufacturing porous metal fiber media used in filtration acoustic thermal barrier and air seal applications. oversaw implementation of
__label__CONSTRUCTION safety manager summary safety safety manager summary safety manager with 16 years construction management experience. he is responsible for the safety compliance of the project and all sub-contractors. he brings extensive experience in various types of construction projects and is currently serving as a safety manager on a power delivery project in southeast texas. he has also served as the environmental compliance manager on a usaid funded project overseas and has proven leadership abilities while serving multiple overseas tours with the u. s. marine corps. highlights ms office proficient organized and detail-oriented superb management skills site safety coordinator safe job site set-up chst certification osha 30 hour osha 40 hazwoper first aid/cpr/aed trainer nccer certification accomplishments over 400 000 safe man hours over several projects awarded a safety recognition from the usace jacksonville fl district awarded a navy achievement medal while in afghanistan awarded an army commendation medal while in iraq experience safety manager september 2015 responsible for overall safety and compliance with local and federal regulations on the project to include subcontractors project includes one new build power substation upgrades to 4 other substations and construction of 13 miles of transmission lines. construction manager october 2013 to august 2015 omaha lead project -
__label__HR senior hr business partner senior hr business partner summary human resources professional with 8 years of experience in human resources and recruiting. expertise in employee relations and recruiting. highly driven to achieve goals. highlights human resources manager extensive background in hr business partner affairs including experience in staff development mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation hr records management hr policies development and legal compliance. demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises developing teambuilding programs and writing policies job descriptions and management reports. hr skills employment law fmla/ada/eeo/wc hr policies procedures staff recruitment retention employee relations benefits administration orientation on-boarding training development organizational development ms office word excel powerpoint access outlook experience senior hr business partner august 2013 to current organized the start up of a new call center opened in september 2013. played a key role in recruiting hiring and onboarding over 1 000 employees during the startup of this new location. key results administers human resources activities for assigned office ensuring compliance with all relevant laws regulations policies and procedures. perform a variety of professional level tasks in multiple functional areas of hr including benefits compensation recruiting professional development and employee relations. acts as a liaison between employees and headquarters. prepares personnel action notices
__label__FINANCE finance controller summary hands finance controller summary hands on controller with over 12 years of experience in financial accounting and management acknowledged for sound decision-making abilities analytical skills business acuity and problem solving skills. strategic methodical and reliable enjoy the challenge of resolving long term issues and influencing positive bottom line outcomes. enjoy opportunities to think outside the box deriving new solutions to old problems through strategic information gathering data collection and comprehensive scrutiny. persuasive and concise communicator experienced in dealing with all levels of management and coaching subordinates for greater productivity and success. highlights financial statement analysis account reconciliation expert budget forecasting expertise complex problem solving effective time management excellent managerial techniques strong organizational skills flexible team player accomplishments successfully led globalization of accounting operations resulting in streamlined processes and reduction in month end close cycle. designed process and led implementation team of automated invoice and credit memo approval workflow tool. implemented monthly operational financial review process resulting in more effective p l management. responsible for preparing division balance sheet and delivered monthly executive balance sheet review to division cfo and business stakeholders. experience finance controller july 2014 to current - manage large scale revenue cycle contracts in day to day operational finance
__label__CHEF head chef summary mature head chef summary mature college student. interested in part time work in areas such as retail health services security information technology and food services. the past six years i have been involved in a men s mentor group named boyzn2men. as a high school student i started as one of the entry level attendees and worked my way to one of the top officers of the core. the program has taught me the importance of responsibility accountability integrity of character and other virtues of life that will help me in the work place. during my high school senior year i was actively involved with the student government association sga . i was the secretary of arms highly reliable and very attentive during my time as the active secretary. also have experienced in taking food orders operating cash registers and safely handling food while checking for proper temperatures. highlights microsoft word excel and powerpoint proficient with internet and adobe software reliable and punctual neat clean and professional appearance engaging personality excellent multi-tasker restaurant management math and language skills comfortable standing for long time periods experience head chef 07/2012 to 11/2015 promptly reported complaints to a member of the management team. up-sold
__label__AVIATION aviation technician summary i aviation technician summary i have grown up with a maintenance background having always worked on my own vehicles and equipment. i started my professional career in automotive as a lube technician i quickly was moved into a technician role and was factory trained on mitsubishi automobiles. once completing the aviation maintenance technician airframe and powerplant licenses i started working for skywest airlines and was trained on maintaining commuter aircraft. at this time i completed an associates of applied science in aviation technology. i have always been interested in working professionally on helicopters and got the opportunity to work on ems helicopters for air methods. air methods provided me with factory training on bell helicopters and airbus helicopters among other training opportunities. highlights dedicated worker driven individual works well in group situations willing and able to lead or train others thorough troubleshooting problem solving knowledge of aircraft systems is in high regard caring individual accomplishments received salt lake community college presidents award four times and graduated from salt lake community college with an associates degree in aviation technology received high honors gpa 3.89. received 2nd place in skills usa competition for aviation. experience aviation technician 10/2007 to current perform aircraft maintenance
__label__DESIGNER freelance graphic designer highlights freelance graphic designer highlights summary marketing and design professional with nearly eight years experience supporting effective development and implementation of marketing plan and goals. areas of expertise include development of brand identity layout and copy of promotional materials copy editing and proofreading execution and design of promotional campaigns print production preparation computers experienced and trained in cs5 adobe photoshop illustrator in design and acrobat. also trained in microsoft windows word excel dreamweaver and quark. experience freelance graphic designer 01/2011 to current magazine layout design. brochure design. web design. web maintenance. owner 01/2004 to current creative design and layout of wedding invitations. preparation of art files and print specifications for various clients. creative design of marketing materials for various clients. website maintenance for various clients. e-mail marketing. accounts receivable manager 01/1998 to 01/2001 responsible for collections of all accounts. maintained daily cash balance. event coordinator 01/2004 to 01/2010 creative design and layout of event posters fliers and banners. coordinator of five major community events. personal information ability to work hard and accomplish duties without direct supervision. additional information self motivated disciplined ability to work hard and accomplish duties without direct supervision. skills acrobat dreamweaver adobe photoshop art balance banners brand identity
__label__TEACHER teacher summary teacher with teacher summary teacher with 11 years experience. specialty areas include classroom management behavioral development motivating and mentoring. educating counseling and teaching . core qualifications teaching - behavioral/cognitive skills development educating - audio-visual aid implementation mentoring - positive atmosphere promotion counseling - age-appropriate lesson planning classroom management - classroom discipline core discipline - clear public speaking skills managing classroom for diverse populations - effective time management active participation in groups plans events - excellent reading comprehension expertise in curriculum focus - positive reinforcement experience working special needs students - behavior modification motivating students innovative lesson planning tailoring curriculum plans positive learning environment cpr certification effective listening differentiated instruction student-centered learning interpersonal skills achievements selected head teacher 2 consecutive years in a row. selected as centerville elementary union rep for 2 consecutive years. graduate of lincoln challenge academy mentoring training for at-risk youth. above and beyond award from accomplishments served as head middle school basketball coach for 8th grade students for 2 years. served as head basketball coach for 9th grade boys basketball for 7 years and assistant varsity basketball coach as well for 7 years. helped more than 300 students reach their individual education program goals. chaperoned the 7th grade trip
__label__HR volunteer hr -ivolunteer summary volunteer hr -ivolunteer summary sponsorship not required to work in the us a successful human resources professional with a masters qualification in human resources and experience in a challenging environment key skill sets include recruitment - recruitment efforts scheduling posting positions follow up and offer letters. seasoned executive with 10 + years staffing technology recruiting and staffing experience with a highly successful track record at big firms such as nokia and also small-midsized start-up it services firms. extensive hands-on experience in recruiting it talent in the us and india marketplace and driving talent acquisition with sourcing teams. besides corporate sector have also been engaged with non-profit sector in the same role for a while. key strength/ experience include extensive experience with high-volume recruiting responsibilities within start-ups and corporate environments. partnering with hiring managers to understand the skills and background requirements for each opportunity and provide expert advice and coaching to hiring managers throughout the recruitment process. conduct employment advertising campaigns and programs by developing and managing a network of recruitment and referral resources including but not limited to networking with schools colleges minority organizations employment services other employers and professional associations. participate in recruitment interview and selection of candidates for
__label__ADVOCATE volunteer advocate summary talented volunteer advocate summary talented bachelor of arts graduate seeking to obtain an entry level professional position within your company. excellent customer service and management skills are just some of the skills i have accomplished in the course of my experiences. dedicated bachelor of arts graduate with a double major in psychology and sociology also with a minor in healthcare administration and a passion to serve the community in a more excellence way. comprehensive professional background in education administrative support and team leadership. strengths proficient at written strong social perceptiveness through working with a variety of people. exceptional clerical and administrative assistance skills. research authored many research papers which required extensive research into statistics behavior within the social sciences. thirty years of clerical administrative office work along with exceptional people and communication skills. energetic administrative assistance support with 10 years experience in high-level executive support roles. organized and professional. dedicated and focused individual who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. highlights conducted numerous researches on psychological and social behavior and demonstrated the understanding of psychological behavior in adults and adolescents with an understanding of ethics
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile marketing consultant executive profile marketing executive offering outstanding presentation communication and cross-cultural team management skills. high-energy results-oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. desires a high-level position in a professional corporate environment. skill highlights hubspot/seo marketo google analytics/ppc wordpress salesforce.com project management basecamp jira ms project trello core accomplishments project management introduced scrum to marketing team resulting in a 15 increase in productivity. created a metrics-based reporting for marketing and sales teams to track all conversions. human resources spearheaded a new-hire program which increased retention. operations management initiated geo-local landing page ppc strategy which resulted in a 35 lift in conversion within a million dollar per month budget. handled all seo strategies related to creating successful advertising for new dealer program and growing affiliate channel 44 . staff development launched well-received refresher program of professional development courses for all staff. created a self assessment and rubric for measuring growth. professional experience consultant jan 2015 to jan 2016 - created new revenue streams via linkedin and meetups. generated new business through inbound lead generation campaign. captured local market share with small business clients through a partnership referral program. vp of marketing oct 2012 to jan 2015 - spearheaded mega ppc campaign resulting in
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS administrative assistant summary determined administrative assistant summary determined and proactive administrative assistant who works with a sense of urgency to anticipate the needs of senior-level executives. thrives in a fast paced dynamic environment. highlights microsoft office proficiency proper phone etiquette articulate and well-spoken time management excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail professional and mature strong problem solver invoice processing works well under pressure human resource laws knowledge social media knowledge understands grammar appointment setting database management customer service-oriented labor relations payroll mail management meeting planning travel administration brand development multi-media marketing trade shows google analytics knowledge of market trends direct mail campaigns special events planning adobe illustrator adobe indesign skilled negotiator floor set design pos systems knowledge retail buying friendly and outgoing employee scheduling superb sales professional administrative support specialist self-starter executive presentation development business correspondence organized high-end fashion knowledge strong communication skills accomplishments sales surpassed all sales goals by 25 . increased sales by 50 -75 over a two year period. managed a successful sales team of 25+ members who consistently exceeded sales goals by 15 each month. process improvement created new departmental procedures manual. assessed organizational training needs. competitive analysis performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future growth. marketing implemented marketing
__label__CONSTRUCTION commercial project manager and commercial project manager and construction manager summary tech-savvy project manager well-versed in all aspects of project management from inception to completion. excels in recruitment and talent acquisition as well as process reengineering and improvement. highlights unsurpassed work ethic organized detail-oriented superb time management skills results-oriented relationship building productivity improvement management information systems experience january 2011 to current - computer hardware and software technical support company. owner started tsi llc to bring affordable computer support to individuals and small businesses in the chicago area. we specialize in providing advice to users as well as day-to-day administration maintenance and support of computer systems and networks. clarifies project scope and objectives coordinates activities of a project team and identifies resources and implementation strategy. install and configure new equipment including operating software and peripheral equipment. undertake routine preventative measures and implement maintain and monitor network security. convert paper charts to electronic medical records emr for physicians. install computer networks such as local area networks wide area networks internet intranets and other data communications systems. ensure systems comply with industry standards such as hipaa mu and cobit. monitor employees or family computer usage. manage email spam and virus protection. manage system backup and restore if
__label__AVIATION advanced level wheeled vehicle advanced level wheeled vehicle mechanic career focus to obtain a challenging rewarding position in a professional and structured environment where i can utilize my vast military experience work ethic and training to become an integral contributor to a growing and productive organization. skills proven excellence with budgets schedules coordination supervision training management and maintenance of projects and programs at all levels effectively interpreting and communicating requirements across functional organizations. in depth knowledge of osha navosh and the handling storage and disposition of government owned property and capable of providing effective employee training on all related topics. verbal interpersonal skills able to facilitate cooperation among team members. managerial skills with time management and delegation with the initiative to take on tasks and resolve problems immediately. deeply instilled discipline work ethic customer astuteness and conceptual thinking. a fast learner who will be an immediate asset to any workplace. windows server 2008 - planning deploying configuring and maintaining ad infrastructure environment and objects. core qualifications installation configuring and management of windows 7 active directory windows server 2008 r2 administration of active directory managing windows server 2008 r2 components ip addressing resolution network components of windows server 2008 r2 windows server 2008 r2 mcse
__label__HR hr shared services analyst hr shared services analyst summary versatile hr professional with a strong benefits administration background progressive cross-functional experience in broad range of hr functions including hris and federal reporting project management client and vendor relation management hr regulations employee relations hr policies and procedures training candidate screening and interviewing employee oversight highlights applaud colleague sap adp peoplesoft microsoft office aon/hewitt hris systems experience hr shared services analyst september 2015 to current provide customer support for hris questions and issues by researching resolving simple to complex policy and transactional questions related to the use of the peoplesoft hris and hr administrative policies and practices. assist in addressing and resolving inquiries from employees managers and/or or internal hrbps provide tier 1 or 2 support to employees managers and hrbps receive audit and complete requests for mass changes/ reorganizations in peoplesoft perform periodic audits of data entered into hr systems establish guideline for setting up standard reports complete hr transactional payroll and administrative activities as needed suggest methods to update simplify and enhance processes procedures and technologies based upon customer feedback receive audit and complete requests for data corrections using correction mode in peoplesoft support and execute user acceptance testing of system updates and
__label__SALES sales summary dedicated security sales summary dedicated security enforcement professional with more than 5 years managing security teams and 20 years protecting professional environments. personable leader who comfortably interacts with people from diverse cultures and backgrounds. highlights cpr and child cpr training report analysis investigative procedures interviews and interrogations defensive driving training osha training aed certified fire response accomplishments upgraded surveillance system from 28 to 42 security cameras inclusive motion detector systems. skills cpr first aid report writing and documentation leadership. experience 10/2015 to 11/2015 sales - identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and performing an average of 50 cold calls per day. participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals. sold first car immediately after training by personal referral. 01/2015 to 09/2015 sales - identify customer needs match needs to products and services and overcome customer objections and resistance. meet established performance objectives. 07/2014 to 01/2015 sales - identify and acquire high quality long-term preferred customers to support growth through costco road show program participation. primary responsibility is to make sales presentations to prospective dsw customers at pre- identified costco locations. on occasion similar duties may be performed at other retailers. communicate front-line conditions and customer
__label__APPAREL branch administrator objective obtain branch administrator objective obtain a challenging position which will demonstrate and highlight my organizational customer service communication and project management skills. summary committed and motivated administrative assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative.energetic and reliable office manager skilled with working with a diverse group of people. excellent team-building skills. motivated personable business professional with a successful track record in the business and retail field. quickly master new technologies and skills. diplomatic and tactful with professionals and non-professionals at all levels. accustomed to handling sensitive confidential records. demonstrated history of producing accurate timely reports. flexible and versatile - able to maintain a sense of humor under pressure. thrive in deadline-driven environments. highlights skills summary project management report preparation written correspondence general office skills computer savvy customer service scheduling distribution communication accounting/bookkeeping front-office operations bi-lingual spanish microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail strong problem solver self-directed professional and mature resourceful dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills proofreading accomplishments received a merit raise for strong attention to detail exemplary customer service and team-player attitude.successfully planned and executed corporate meetings lunches and special events for groups of employees. experience october 2009
__label__FITNESS fitness instructor summary seeking fitness instructor summary seeking a career as a real estate professional acutely focused on customer service and network building. promptly develops vital relationships needed to operate as an effective real estate salesperson. highlights excellent communicator highly professional proficient in microsoft office skilled mediator clean driving record negotiations expert experience fitness instructor 04/2015 to current to sign clients in and to be sure they are registered for class. to lead instruct and teach choreographed group fitness classes that thrive on motivation and proper queing with an emphasis on active listening. to demonstrate proper form and safety techniques in an effort to achieve and receive the best results. office assistant/server 03/2014 to current perform basic office duties being proficient mac and pc answer phones emailing clients scheduling events around seasonal calendar to make and reserve reservations for an even flow to create an inviting environment that delivers quick and efficient service to serve customers in a fast-paced environment while being able to multi-task effectively with a pleasant demeanor and heart. wellness coordinator/group instructor 10/2012 to 05/2013 to open wellness center answering phones scheduling appointments creating monthly newsletters calendar of events for internal staff to communicate via intranet for va employees to send
__label__FINANCE finance assistant summary accurate finance assistant summary accurate alert ambitious analytical articulate efficient dependable responsible people-oriented honest independent and hardworking. integrity competence honesty growth family decisiveness stability and leadership accomplishments awards most improved employee for the year year 2008 mbs accounting services cc awards emerald award for hard work and dedication to my work year 2010 first quarter anglo american gss emea accounting services awards amber award for hard work and dedication to my work year 2010 last quarter anglo american gss emea accounting services personal strengths profile professional experience finance assistant january 2015 to december 2015 receive purchase request forms processing issuing of purchase orders to suppliers send through the purchase orders to suppliers submit supplier invoices for payment follow up on delivery goods received vouchers - grv s corresponding with suppliers to get tax invoices for payment processing quotations invoices on system submit all transactions documents to line manager for approval daily follow up on outstanding invoices submitting supplier forms to line manager maintaining asset register reconciliations per creditor ensure that we receive statements from suppliers print proof of payments send proof of payments to suppliers to ensure there is enough funds available for the invoices that has to be paid. monitoring
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant iii senior accountant accountant iii senior accountant results oriented accounting professional with 17+ years of progressive experience in a board range of accounting functions. successful at managing multiple projects while consistently exceeding deadlines. proven self-starter with strong managerial relationship and team building skills. proactive strategic thinker with strong analytical organizational and communication skills. areas of expertise accounts payable fixed asset and property accounts receivable payroll month-end closing reconciliation and analysis general ledger entries budgeting contract management board of directors reporting staff management expense reporting settlement payments vendor relations accomplishments project lead for the automation and implementation of employee expense and vendor self service modules. authored and established departmental check printing and ach standard operating procedures. streamlined operations and eliminated one full day from month-end closing by condensing and automating vendor project retention funds. automated positive pay and ach notifications for faster and more reliable response time. project co-lead for oracle payroll implementation. created and implemented an employee morale initiative where everybody counts for the office of accounting. managed employee benevolent fund for 13 years as secretary for the marta employees club. streamlined the process in which employees seek assistance and funds distributed. professional experience 08/2007 to current accountant iii team lead for three
__label__TEACHER guest teacher professional overview guest teacher professional overview a detail - oriented high energy social science teacher with the ability to motivate students to work at optimum levels while maintaining a comfortable creative environment and keeping a clear perspective of goals to be accomplished. experience in helping students broaden perspectives through aligning subject matter to present day experience and events. core qualifications creative lesson planning excellent relationship building skills experiential learning interpersonal oral and written communication skills differentiated learning positive and encouraging able to work independently and as a member of a team curriculum lesson plan development accomplishments secondary 7-12 social studies. issued 11/17/15. education mba business 2006 university of nevada business bachelor of science education social science emporia university education social science experience guest teacher jan 2015 to current managed classroom responsibilities and maintained continuity of the learning process. incorporated cooperative education and role playing activities to establish a relationship between course material. and student s life experiences. encouraged critical thinking skills through the use of challenging debate. national account manager jan 2005 to jan 2014 promoted to develop deeper hq regional relationships and grow gaming and lodging business channel. managed the relationships between starbucks coffee and mgm international caesars entertainment station casinos
__label__ARTS creative assistant professional summary creative assistant professional summary self-motivated individual with the ability to create and maintain a positive and unique relationship with coworkers and clients. exhibits excellent time management skills consistent quality work and a drive to innovate and benefit the workplace. i am looking to obtain a position which allows me to demonstrate my creative nature and passion for all genres of music. ideally i would like to join a that would be able to offer me the opportunity to advance my career in the short and long term. core qualifications microsoft office. strong leadership and ability to multitask alone or with a team in-depth internet research skills educated and expansive understanding of human development principles s experience in well-organized and aesthetic presentation. ability to communicate effectively and positively file/records maintenance contract negotiation/review/drafting results-oriented experience creative assistant 07/2013 to current act as west coast representative of the cmi team for internal and external affairs. attend showcases concerts events on behalf of vh1 cmi team. maintained relations with label and publishing representatives on the west coast. successfully pitched new independent music from all genres to cmi music team and various production companies for in show placements. find replacement tracks for all media versions
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY project manager summary technical project manager summary technical support professional skilled at resolving complex customer service issues in a timely manner. enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to technical issues. successful at driving financial and productivity results in fast paced environments. highlights windows xp/7/8 server 2003/2008 active directory ms outlook 2007/2010 sccm rdc sms pc hardware/software printers copiers laptops mobile devices routers switches storage vpn voip wifi avaya pbx systems remedy accomplishments exceeded monthly goals by successfully handling more than 50 calls per day. reduced technical exceptions to management by 40 to only 15 per day. experience 07/2013 to current project manager built and maintained successful relationships with service providers dealers and consumers. provided base level it support to personnel. defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks. delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes. collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans. monitored costs timescales and resources used to achieve goal . monitored team progress and enforced deadlines. partnered with department and department to address issue description . planned implemented and managed all project contracts performed scheduling risk analysis quality control and trained staff. key performance managed 40 team members with the ability to initiate/manage cross-functional teams and multi-disciplinary
__label__FITNESS procurement analyst accomplishments new procurement analyst accomplishments new professional organization attend seminars and events relevant in today s business market. karass effective negotiating training to develop key negotiating skills six sigma yellow belt certification. professional experience march 2012 to current procurement analyst performs strategic sourcing of mro maintenance repairs and operations items for the s north american manufacturing locations as well as supplier management of the strategic suppliers - spend 70m+ sourcing functions include contract strategy development issuance of contract rfqs and rfps supplier proposal analysis negotiations awards and implementations. responsible for all supplier performance and the on-going management of strategic supplier relationships. creates integrated processes among internal functions e.g. operations purchasing and logistics and outside suppliers. support teams in conducting negotiations with financial/bid analysis and developing talent assists in the development of the global commodity strategy and the implementation plan to leverage opportunities across sub-commodities and monitors compliance in order to capture savings. demonstrates execution and leadership in commodity management strategic sourcing portfolio management total cost of ownership value chain analysis supplier relationship management and implementations across the enterprise globally. understands the strategies demands and requirements of the enterprise and works to develop global commodity strategies that are consistent with short and long-term
__label__BANKING chief operating officer summary chief operating officer summary of skills strategic planning/management strong communication skills strong credit/financial analysis skills team builder/collaborator sales management negotiation skills strong multi-tasker project management planning/execution cross functional leadership professional experience chief operating officer june 2008 to january 2010 - recruited by the board of directors to become coo. oversaw all aspects of this 35+ year old medical practice comprised of 5 freestanding radiation oncology clinics located in the south puget sound with 8 physicians 6 whom are owners and 64 employees. revenues grew from 48mm in 2008 to over 53mm in 2014. this was due to the addition of two offices one in gig harbor and one in olympia as well as additional modalities of treatment. achievements saved the over 160 000 in 2015 due to hard negotiations with our electronic medical record vendor due to poor performance. saved the over 120 000 annually by negotiating with the bank to lower interest rates on loans in early 2009. brought two construction projects one for a new clinic with a 6.5mm budget and the other for an extensive remodel with a 4.5mm budget under budget and on time saving 200 000 in total. brought in a consultant to successfully turn
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior construction project manager senior construction project manager professional summary senior construction manager epcm safety/mitigation jsa rules regulations work procedures and emergency response. design standards land development infrastructure wet and dry pge/sce utilities road paving/engineering caltrans/public works permits and traffic control. twenty+ years experience on a team oriented multi-disciplinary environment in the commercial industrial and residential field. professional experience ensuring time cost effectiveness and liability minimization of personnel equipment and material by estimating reviewing plans submittals/rfi approving bid packages proposals rwo wo and co. coordinate and schedule all phases of construction safety erosion control land development infrastructure shut downs tie ins paving/road and environmental solutions. forward planning grading cpuc g.o. 95 128 and rule 20 street utility improvements bond release and final fire dept. inspections to start the reimbursement and building occupancy process for a number of developments. track record of estimating proposing and bringing complex construction and land development projects with up to 225m and 200+ employees fleet of heavy equipment and material from conception to completion within budget and on time. core qualifications microsoft project sap srm bpc scada gis word excel power point and outlook experience senior construction project manager january 2002 california u.s. projects completed pg e projects electrical egi/
__label__HR hr assistant s needs. hr assistant s needs. areas of expertise include conflict management and employee training. human resources generalist who promotes a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successful staff. offering number years of experience and knowledge in training orientation and incentive program creation. level of management -level ma human resource executive who works with other executives to translate business strategies into hr actions that drive business results. nager with years of experience years of managerial experience. strong strategic-planning and people-management skills. highlights compensation/payroll regulatory compliance staff development compensation/benefits administration policy/program development salary structure/compensation analysis performance management strategies interviewing expertise staffing and recruiting professional hiring and retention training and development employee relations experience hr manager 04/2016 to current sunningdale tech thailand co. ltd. . type of business tooling and plastic injection. hr admin.manager 09/2013 to 04/2015 responsibility report directly to ceo transformed hr from administrative role to strategic business partner including working with management level to drive key business and implement performance initiative conducted extensive analysis of existing hr organization and development business plan to up dated all policies procedure service program and operation. direct hr function including recruiting hiring practice benefit and compensation. develop standardized organizational model to clarify
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS customer reference program manager customer reference program manager summary senior customer reference program manager focused on cultivating client relationships for the purpose of strengthening their engagement in order to develop advocates for the and solutions consequently boosting sales and brand awareness. self-managed quick learner that adapts well in a challenging environment and keeps projects on track. strong contributor in a team environment with a demonstrated ability to interact with it professionals and c-level executives. highlights customer engagement stakeholder relations b2b customer programs high tech industry focus problem solving skilled negotiator event planning execution detail oriented results driven effective communicator leadership experience customer reference program manager nov 2010 to current manage global customer reference program for manufacturing public sector and healthcare industries secure and prepare approximately 400 reference participants each year for sales needs public relations opportunities analyst/media interviews and speaking engagements recruit/onboard customers to scale reference pipeline to support initiatives for corporate marketing global campaigns field marketing industry strategy teams product management customer programs public relations analyst relations and sales directly impact approximately 55m in sales annually effectively train sales teams on the identification of customer references and how to leverage advocates and their collateral to shorten the sales cycle partner with internal teams
__label__DESIGNER designer summary established well-rounded designer summary established well-rounded designer with a reputation for exquisitely designed collections who consistently maximizes profits and surpasses margin goals. seeking potential growth that will utilize creative skills and aims towards commitment of team and consumer/brand loyalty. skills critical thinker - using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions conclusions or approaches to problems time management communication - managing one s time as well as team s to adhere to drop dead dates adaptability - being flexible to change as it comes and resolving in a timely manner social perceptiveness - working with team and taking leadership role to maintain brand direction attention to detail - thorough and complete work in all related processes to end product innovation - demonstrated creative ability to design within business budgets while following consumers needs/trends experience designer 10/2013 to 06/2015 designed multiple lines for department both international and domestic completion of oz principle leadership 2014 ensure cohesive brand image led the research and development of seasonal trends provided leadership in preparation of skus for line reviews and meetings with buyers participated in strategic meetings alongside vp of sales frequent traveling alongside sales-team seeking new market/trend ideas provide regular feedback
__label__HEALTHCARE administrative assistant experience administrative administrative assistant experience administrative assistant 06/2019 to current performed general office duties including answering multi-line phones routing telephone calls or messages to appropriate staff and greeting visitors reviewed and corrected claim errors to facilitate smooth processing identify issues and took appropriate action to deliver speedy resolution post payments to accounts and maintained records verify client information by analyzing existing evidence on file assure timely verification of insurance benefits prior to patient procedures or appointments maintain strong knowledge of basic medical terminology to better understand services and procedures fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and enhance loyalty and retention collaborated with carriers to resolve discrepancies in insurance payments documented and tracked customer account details handled billing related activities focused on medical specialties examined claims records and procedures to grant approval of coverage home healthcare aide 12/2016 to current dressed groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to efficiently handle basic needs developed strong and trusting rapport with each patient to facilitate best possible care and assistance ran errands for clients and transported to appointments to maintain wellness and support daily living needs organized and administered medications on clear schedules to help alleviate symptoms and optimize quality of life
__label__CHEF chef summary highly organized chef summary highly organized and efficient in fast-paced multitasking environments able to prioritize effectively to accomplish objectives with creativity enthusiasm and humor. an experienced supervisor and trainer able to explain information clearly recognize excellence in individuals and inspire team members to achieve their potential while working toward common goals. experience 07/2009 to 07/2014 chef prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes portioning cooking and waste control guidelines. led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. 06/2014 to 08/2014 laborer loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction. manually carried roofing materials up ladders. consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines. 06/2015 to 08/2016 laborer crew manager handled scheduling for crewman and arrival times for clients maintained a safe work environment for crewmen led crews of up to four people and partnered on crews up to eight education and training high school diploma general education new london high school it - management university of wisconsin - stout usa i attended uw - stout for two years before i was financial unable to continue schooling here. while i mostly took general education classes i did have a few computer
__label__CHEF executive chef summary dedicated executive chef summary dedicated hardworking restaurant management professional with extensive daily planning and operations experience. skilled in menu planning using seasonal ingredients and a passion with cooking from scratch. skilled in staff training and development. previously managed more than 20 employees and organized small and large scaled events including weddings and banquets. highly dedicated in career growth. highlights servsafe certified quick problem solver strong work ethic results oriented skillful menu development kitchen management food standards enforcement experience with catering and events general knowledge of computer software high level of aesthetic and culinary execution honest trustworthy and punctual knowledge of assigned diets knowledge of inventory practices management and leadership experience strong client-interaction skills strong time management skills works well as a part of a team energetic friendly and enthusiastic accomplishments developed popular daily specials with locally sourced ingredients. instructed chefs in the preparation cooking garnishing and presentation of food. planned and prepared food for parties holiday meals luncheons special functions and other events. featured in plate magazine guest chef at the northern new england home and garden show meet the chef series taught cooking matters classes experience 09/2007 to 02/2015 executive chef 2007 rounds chef 2009 promoted to sous chef 2011
__label__ARTS acting grade 4 customer/brand acting grade 4 customer/brand profile obtain a position that will allow me to utilize my strong abilities educational background and the passion to work well with others. i am a motivated employee who is highly energetic outgoing and detail-oriental. handles multiple responsibilities simultaneously while proving exceptional customer service. reliable and friendly who quickly learns and masters new concepts and skills. passionate about helping customers and creating a satisfying experience. core strengths attentive listener excellent multi-tasker strong communication and interpersonal skills visual merchandising attention to detail bilingual usage of presentation software cash handling accuracy time management ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines result driven work experience acting grade 4 customer/brand oct 2015 to jan 2016 a typical day as grade 4 is filled with coaching developing and ensuring the store operations get fulfilled. supporting and keeping open communication with management. training and coaching associates monitoring floor coverage and complete workloads.ensure to maintain a positive work environment both internal and external. grade 4 is required to work together with management and associates perform variety tasks as assigned by leader on duty such as customer engagement and daily operations. grade 4 priorities are being in charge of gapcards media ambassador
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development director summary business development director summary i am looking for a challenging business development position that will utilize my knowledge and passion for sales while leveraging more than twenty years of relationship building. highlights strong interpersonal skills including rapport building listening social versatility courtesy and concern. solid sales call skills with proper preparation disciplines. this includes the ability to determine and communicate a clear meeting purpose question to identify needs frame solutions in the context of value to the client gain agreement to potential solution fit and gain closure on next steps. solid communication skills including the ability to present an accurate and compelling overview of benefits accomplished by using relevant examples of other client s experiences convincing the client of the value proposition and constructing a solid proposal that is perceived by the client as responsive to their needs. ability to develop winning sales strategies by taking into consideration key client factors such as compelling event s critical success factors stated and non-stated requirements and the decision making landscape. ability to access appropriate client executives by making solid presentations and constructing proposals that address c level issues in clear concise jargon-free language. ability to drive the sales strategy with an opportunity
__label__AVIATION aviation supply specialists summary aviation supply specialists summary to whom it may concern with the utmost enthusiasm i would like to express my interest in your available position. my interest in the medical field has taken me a long way and given me tremendous experience in different fields. i believe that my passion for assisting and interacting with people has given me a strong commitment to the medical field with the patients interest at heart this makes me an ideal candidate to join the team. as a candidate here s what i could immediately bring to the table effectiveness in my role at your facility i will also be able to use my abilities and knowledge to accomplish your facilities goal. i have always displayed my careful approach to my job and its duties by being disciplined and passionate. in addition everything i have engaged in so far has all been driven by my keen interest and dedication. it is this passion that has driven every one of my career decisions thus far. i look forward to contributing my skills and experiences in this position and hope to have the opportunity to speak with you further about how i can be an asset to
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager professional business development manager professional profile highly qualified detail-oriented and hardworking manager with more than 15 years of experience. proficient in research writing case management and client relations. expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications. qualifications inventory management leadership development risk management staff development project management managing employees marketing team building budgeting financial management accomplishments increased revenue by 40 cut operating expenses by 20 year over year. multiple awards for performance. developed and implemented client service program which expanded small-to-medium client base 35 developed new quality standards for better quality performance and reliability. improve support service level by 20 improved customer service satisfaction 3 annually through supply chain management initiatives inventory control and flexible manufacturing practices. experience business development manager jan 2015 to current prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. cold call as appropriate within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities. meet potential clients by growing maintaining and leveraging your network. identify potential clients and the decision makers within the client organization. research and build relationships with new clients. set up meetings between client decision makers and s practice leaders/principals. plan approaches and pitches. work with
__label__ARTS certified nurse assistant professional certified nurse assistant professional summary i am a motivated individual with highly effective communication skills as well as a level-headed health professional who remains calm and effective in extremely difficult and stressful situations. i am seeking a job in the medical field in a clinical position that will enable me to grow as a knowledgeable professional and enhance my current abilities. skills general administrative experienced in handling escalated phone calls ability to operate multi line phone system front office knowledge/general reception skills proficient in scheduling appointments/ collecting copays/ verifying insurance eligibility /consent forms experience in epic emr system proficient in patient-focused care efficient and reliable team player core competencies excellent telephone etiquettes skilled in handling multiple tasks and working under pressure quick learner customer service assistance and quality assurance experience knowledge of medical terminology medical billing coding creative and strong problem solver exceptional communication skills ms windows proficient medical terminology knowledge work history certified nurse assistant 04/2009 to 10/2012 identifies/responds to critical changes in patients and reports to rn/lvn. repositions patient for maximum comfort hygiene measures and gives general hygiene to patients. obtains patients self-report of pain when taking vital signs and reports to nurse. charts vital signs in graphic.
__label__HR recruiting and hr manager recruiting and hr manager summary experienced corporate recruiter who is self-motivated results driven highly responsive and able to prioritize effectively to accomplish multiple tasks and stay calm under pressure. offering over 6 years of recruiting human resources and staffing experience with a bachelor s degree in human resources management. experience with full life-cycle recruiting of qualified it professionals including college graduates experienced software developers business/technical consultants sales executives project managers and executive level staff. highlights excellent interpersonal communications and negotiation skills pro-active and creative sourcing strategies full life-cycle recruiting infor talent management thrive in a fast paced environment knowledge of eeo/aa regulations experience with online recruiting sources college recruiting extremely adept working with multiple hiring managers comfortable handling high requisition load on-boarding new hire orientation hr management adp workforce now benefits administration strong ms office skills including word excel powerpoint and outlook experience recruiting and hr manager 06/2015 to current enavate provides business consulting and industry-focused enterprise software solutions based on the microsoft dynamics ax and crm platforms with a full range of services including professional services maintenance and support. through its wholly owned subsidiary celenia global services the also provides consulting and software development services to microsoft dynamics enterprise
__label__HR hr generalist/recruiter summary human hr generalist/recruiter summary human resource generalist who is an great communicator and negotiator with strong conflict resolution skills. extensive background in recruitment and retention mediation and records management. highlights adp people fluent microsoft offices interviewing expertise performance management strategies benefits administrator employee relations benefits administrator manager coaching and training hris applications proficient payroll expertise national human resources association event management employee handbook development quickbooks proficiency alternative dispute resolution adr staffing and recruiting professional accomplishments led the staffing planning committee for number years.introduced the first passive open enrollment process.human resources reduced employee turnover by 10 . experience hr generalist/recruiter january 2013 to january 2015 january 2013 to january 2014 strategize with management on all recruitment needs over departments build strong relationships with candidates hiring managers to ensure a high level of customer service. keep hiring managers informed throughout the recruitment process for all salaried and non-salaried employees. co-authored all recruitment transfers process to better the onboarding and applicant experience maintained an accurate and detailed record of each employee in a customized database for all pre-employment screening interpret policies and procedures to new hires provided mentoring and job coaching for temporary and permanent employees negotiate/ analyzed compensation and make recommendations for salaried
__label__ARTS director of programming arts director of programming arts professional profile tech-savvy performing arts director well-versed in all aspects of event management from inception to completion. excels in marketing and talent programming as well as process rethinking and improvement. qualifications productivity improvement detail-oriented superb time management skills process improvement multi-unit operations management natural leader unsurpassed work ethic results-oriented relevant experience in my time as the director of programming arts at dsu i have drastically improved the bottom line of shows at the cox performing arts center and the tanner amphitheater and have simultaneously created and funded permanent improvements and endowments. the trailblazer summer concert series at the tanner went from consistently losing money to net profit in both 2015 and 2016. by changing the way tickets are marketed i was able to generate a 30 increase in season ticket memberships to the celebrity concert series in only one year. i have also created a scholarship program for college of the arts students at dsu which financially supported twelve students in 2016. i sought and obtained donations from the community in order to completely renovate the cox center s green room and made permanent improvements to the aesthetics of the stage at tanner amphitheater including adding
__label__CHEF executive chef/ food service executive chef/ food service director executive profile as a chef i have been exploring my passion for food and developing clean healthy cooking techniques for over 30 years.this is done by executing successful operations strategies decreasing staff turnover and developing winning menus according to consumer preferences. proven front and back of house operations experience with an excellent track record in budgeting decreasing costs while expanding business operations. recognized as a highly effective leader with strong strategic planning communication and staff management skills. this has been proven as a food service director and an executive chef. skill highlights leadership with great communication skills budgeting and analysis expertise expense control expert food and labor cost expert diverse industry/market knowledge vendor negotiations excellent customer/employee communications profit generation core accomplishments purchased initiated a struggling catering into a very successful catering and 100 seat restaurant. increased sales and marketing by 22 from previous year. mediated vendor relations to decrease food cost by 7 in 2007 annually. launched ongoing well-received program mentored by the health department and servsafe. to include sanitation food safety and hygiene. delegated gourmet dinners for 4 up to parties of 600 with 100 customer satisfaction.. effectively managed restaurant kitchen food service director
__label__HR regional hr manager summary regional hr manager summary holistic hr professional with 5 years 7 months experience in human resources vertical in areas of recruitment employee relations and performance management after completing 2 years of full time experience regional hr manager aug 2015 to dec 2016 looking for good hr opportunities in san francisco bay area. visa status work permit-no visa sponsorship required skills staffing and recruiting professional microsoft office suite expert interviewing expertise hris applications proficient on boarding/off-boarding report writing employee relations new employee orientations performance management accomplishments recruited 250 employees in 4 months for launching new ribg rural inclusive banking group vertical of icici bank. worked on female workforce attrition at mid managerial level and suggested ways to retain which was incorporated in policies. worked on streamlining recruitment and onboarding process at indusind bank by suggesting changes in e-joining portal. assisted in successful completion of project applicant experience at icici bank which focused on enhancing recruitment experience of applicants. suggestions from the project were implemented. worked as regional hr manager managing entire hr function for andhra pradesh/telangana states for assets liability vertical. led team of two hr executives. role similar as hr business partner role since this required working closely with business
__label__APPAREL assistant secretary/parks rec director assistant secretary/parks rec director summary flexible accounting professional who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. highlights public and private accounting analytical reasoning account reconciliations strong communication skills quickbooks expert budgeting payroll highly dependable self-motivated fast learner accomplishments initiated the use of a computerized accounting system increased office organization by developing a more efficient filing system updated excel charts and worksheets to be more efficient experience assistant secretary/parks rec director september 2014 to current assist the secretary with daily accounting duties prepare deposits answer phones and process mail interact with the public and township employees. posting of supervisor meeting minutes updating of ordinances and resolutions create a master plan for the parks rec department monitor the parks for maintenance issues maintain the township s social media accounts various other duties and special projects as assigned. administrative assistant july 2009 to september 2014 assist the treasurer with daily accounting duties prepare process payroll for 20+ employees entering of cash receipts prepare deposits answer phones and process mail responsible for the rental property registration and enforcement process assist code enforcement officer with scheduling and issuing of permits interact with the public and borough employees. posting of council minutes updating of
__label__HR hr associate professional summary hr associate professional summary enthusiastic and goal-oriented hr professional with 3+ years experience driving innovation and strategy for a global technology organization. excellent reputation for proactively resolving problems communicating effectively and driving overall operational improvements. relocating to the san francisco bay area and seeking a fulltime role in human resources or talent acquisition where i can leverage my experience and provide value to the company. skills recruiting onboarding project management event planning employee relations teamwork/collaboration training and development public speaking social media marketing adp workday microsoft office suite adp benefits branding budget oral communication competitive email employee relations event planning focus hiring hris hr leadership marketing ms excel microsoft office suite product manager project management public speaking recruiting recruitment researching strategy teamwork workshops written work history hr associate 07/2018 to 12/2019 conducted full lifecycle university recruitment sourcing screening selecting hiring and onboarding learned multiple hris systems and recruiting platforms including workday taleo and handshake led internship program and facilitated training for interns across different functions and locations served as student liaison for hackathon and grew participation from 20 to 100+ attendees proactively communicated with business partners hiring managers and external candidates to quickly resolve issues and ensure overall positive recruitment
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations consultant summary public relations consultant summary experienced public relations sales and marketing professional with expertise in the technology financial consumer and healthcare industries. highlights global marketing account management direct marketing campaigns public relations expert quality leadership multi task abilities proven sales success start-up background deadline-driven microsoft office suite expert experience public relations consultant june 2005 to january 2016 - managed pr programs for accordsqa and gatherworks. secured inclusion of smartscript and smarteload in dr.dobbs and sd times. inside sales representative march 2008 to june 2008 - identified and called decision makers within targeted verticals while educating prospects about key features and benefits of software secured four qualified leads in first two weeks in position. direct sales representative december 2007 to january 2008 - sold more than 8 800 in products in one month to more than 100 new accounts while developing positive rapport and relationships with more than 800 new accounts in three territories. confirmed two participants to a monthly web training seminar. developed campaign ideas for marketing including initiative for promoting seminars new sales support literature and new product initiatives. provided key feedback for streamlining processes for sales operations and efficiencies mailings and updating client contact information. solicited key feedback from
__label__CONSTRUCTION cs general construction worker cs general construction worker summary is hardworking with years of experience from industry to worksite. resourceful experience in handling materials operating machinery and supporting overall team and project needs. in-depth knowledge of compliance mandates governing site and worker safety. singularly focused on helping crews complete skilled work under deadlines. efficient in manufacturing and construction along with dedication to getting the job done right. i am punctual in bringing a diligent and energetic approach with years of experience working within teams to complete various projects on-time and under budget. comfortable lifting heavy machinery and safely operating job-related equipment and tools as well as good communication skills makes me a well rounded candidate for any job. skills hand tool operations standard operating procedures understanding basic welding skills safety behaviors expertise forklift driving equipment maintenance materials handling leadership conflict resolution problem resolution collaboration decision-making work ethic organizational skills maintenance repair troubleshooting experience general construction worker 12/2020 - current collected and removed debris from work sites to maintain team productivity and minimize safety hazards. reduced wasteful spending by accurately cutting baseboard and trim materials according to specifications. measured and marked openings and distances to prepare sites for trim and stair installation. collaborated with multiple
__label__SALES sales summary extremely loyal sales summary extremely loyal ambitious and a hard working individual looking to leverage my high level of customer service skills to excel in a professional sales environment. experience sales january 2014 care wear uniforms 2014 replenish product bins and product racks. load/unload vans a various hospitals. set up retail type stores in said various hospitals. inform customers about new product. assist customers with their purchases. receiving and preparing product maintaining the grocery floor and displays and selling product in support of regional grocery standards. providing courteous friendly and efficient customer service give every customer immediate and undivided attention. surprise and delight the customers with consistent delicious food. ensure a fresh and appealing display by keeping cases and shelves clean and well stocked by front-facing checking codes rotating and removing out-of-date products. maintain accurate department signage and pricing. stock and clean grocery shelves bulk bins frozen and dairy case. keep grocery department clean sweep floors and maintain sweep logs. assist with sampling program keeping sample areas full clean and appealing. follow and comply with all applicable health and sanitation procedures and adhere to safe work practices. operate and sanitize all grocery equipment in a safe and proper manner. road safety 2013
__label__CONSTRUCTION garden associate summary dedicated garden associate summary dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. highlights exceptional customer service bilingual in spanish sales expertise reliable strong work ethic team player excellent communication skills flexible accomplishments best cashier in district award 3 homer awards received for good customer skills/going above and beyond on basic job expectations. experience 02/2010 to 09/2013 garden associate helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs. maintained visually appealing displays for the entire store. built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. stocked shelves and carried merchandise out on the floor for customers. 06/2009 to 12/2010 construction worker cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. removed old roofing materials. performed heavy labor such as ditch digging paving and hauling. continually cleaned work areas and equipment. 06/2006 to 06/2008 cashier took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. received orders processed payments and responded to guest concerns. recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear manner. resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally. served orders to customers at windows counters and tables. community service volunteer samaritan community center-2012 education 2010 ged bentonville high
__label__SALES sales director summary to sales director summary to continue my career with an organization that will utilize my management supervision and administrative skills to benefit mutual growth and success. also to offer my skills to your especially in the field of sales and to grasp power to enhance my professional skill set in accordance with organizational objectives. core qualifications budget report writing skills excellent sales and negotiation skills the ability to motivate and lead a team excellent communication and people skills good planning and organizational skills the ability to work calmly under pressure developing sales strategies and setting sales targets compiling and analyzing sales figures keeping up to date with products and competitors sound expertise in sales strong presentation skills goal-oriented strong networking skills good judgement good decision making accomplishments -added 35+ businesses to wavefly powered by jmf solutions inc. since january 2016. -developed highly effective sales training strategies as sales manager. -personally helped grow our in revenue by 115 in a year and we made the inc 5000 list and magazine. -recognized by our as one of the fastest growing technology companies in revenue and i attributed to that with bringing over 300 000 in revenue in 36 month contracts since january 2016.
__label__ADVOCATE senior client advocate ii senior client advocate ii accomplishments earned the workgroup for electronic data interchange wedi award of merit 2 years in a row for educating the health care industry on electronic claims attachments. affiliations. health level seven standards developing organization knowledge of v2 messages fast healthcare interoperable resources fhir and the meaningful use electronic health record standard consolidate clinical document architecture. summary motivated business analyst with the technical expertise and business acumen necessary to translate business requirements and objectives into scalable highly resilient and successful system solutions. skills data analysis business artifacts documentation strategic planning business development team player workflow analysis product launches brand management ms project sql and databases risk mitigation and management data mapping service-oriented architecture release planning collaboration tools test case scenarios requirements gathering gap analysis experience 12/2002 to 12/2017 senior client advocate ii suppcraig gabron craig gabron orted bluecross blueshield of south carolina s tricare military health insurance line of business functioning in an analyst role. this position required an ability to work in a matrix environment across cross-functional teams and the ability to produce results in a highly dynamic and formative environment. duties and responsibilities included documented business processes and analyzed procedures to see that they would
__label__ADVOCATE court appointed special advocate court appointed special advocate for abused and neglected children summary highly-motivated licensed social worker with 7 years of experience working with children and adolescents in various environments. seeks to advocate connect and collaborate with individuals and their families to help them overcome barriers that affect their daily life. highlights emergency response training suicide risk assessments basic cardiac life support bcls certified .case management . excellent in organization and documentation creating and following treatment plans .collaborative .culturally competent experience september 2013 to current court appointed special advocate for abused and neglected children collaborated with guardian ad litem s child protective service workers mental health professionals teachers and parents maintained monthly contact with my client and their families. evaluated and addressed individual client needs and concerns. wrote court reports and case plans maintained thorough case history records and wrote detailed reports. managed caseloads and acted as an advocate for client rights.. february 2013 to current emergency medical technician and social worker volunteer assist with community public education support prevention efforts assist with local and major disasters attend trainings and education seminars september 2015 to may 2015 social work intern semiweekly worked under the indirect supervision of the school social worker. conducted individual
__label__BANKING mortgage banking underwriter ii mortgage banking underwriter ii experience mortgage banking underwriter ii 04/2017 to current analyze loan documentation to determine debt to income ratios verification of assets and credit risk for applicants seeking to obtain a mortgage. determined qualifying income from tax returns of self employed borrowers that consist of sole proprietors partnerships and s-corps. underwrite and apply needed conditions for mortgage applications to ensure customer meets product specifications and guidelines. review loan documentation for accuracy completeness and compliance to desktop underwriter du and loan prospector lp findings. obtained and completed mandated training for 750 000 lending authority. senior remote underwriter 11/2016 to 03/2017 analyzed credit risk and financial strength of borrowers to determine credit worthiness and repayment capacity. presented written and verbal loan decisions detailing the results of risk analysis that support recommendation to approve suspend or deny request for mortgage insurance. underwrote conventional conforming and non-conforming loans. proposed counter offers for analysis that did not meet arch mi or investor guidelines. increased underwriting loan level authority from 417 000 to 750 000. remote underwriter 12/2012 to 10/2016 analyzed income credit and collateral documentation making quality risk decisions that comply with arch mi s guidelines and exception matrix for mortgage insurance applicants.
__label__TEACHER kindergarten teacher summary i kindergarten teacher summary i have been an elementary educator for henrico county public schools for 16 years. i have taught head start federal preschool programs first grade and kindergarten. prior to my teaching career i worked in administration and management and have experience with accounting ordering payroll computer systems scheduling and interacting with the general public in multiple capacities. skills meticulous attention to detail professional communication conflict resolution techniques strong problem solver account reconciliations cost accounting flexible and adaptive intimate knowledge of school system experience kindergarten teacher august 2011 to current served as team leader for three years. served as collab partner with special education specialist for three years. encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks. set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal responsibility. mentored and counseled students with adjustment and academic problems. took appropriate disciplinary measures when students misbehaved. differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level. encouraged children to be understanding of others. promoted good behaviors accountability and social responsibility. head start/federal preschool programs teacher august 2006 to july 2011 encouraged parents to take an active role in their child s education. encouraged students to explore issues in their lives and
__label__HEALTHCARE director clinical research operations director clinical research operations medical science liaison summary accomplished and results-driven business development professional offers 18 years of leadership and account management experience as an integral part of fast-paced clinical and sales teams. strategic thinker and proactive problem solver with expertise in consultative selling and territory sales management solutions. experience director clinical research operations medical science liaison 02/2013 to current manage 30 clinical studies with a revenue stream of 2m annually. increase site revenue from 30k to 120k mo in first 12 months ranked in top 1 of clinical research sites for patient enrollment in europe and the united states for schizophrenia bipolar depression studies in 2013 2014 increased monthly revenue by 300 by implementing aggressive strategic patient recruiting strategies to develop and expand existing southern california customer base. recognized as top generator of patient enrollment in schizophrenic trials exceeding goals by 200 in 2013 2014. reduced organizational operating costs by 45 by streamlining patient recruitment clinical staff processes saving 140k in first 24 months physician profitability grew form 17k to 300k for combined studies over 18 months an increase of 1000 sales/business development director 01/2010 to 05/2013 provided a full range of services for accelerating businesses in the bio-pharmaceutical
__label__HR hr employee relations specialist hr employee relations specialist summary dedicated and self-motivated professional with experience in providing outstanding support to business partners. skillful in tracking details office management and following-up with internal and external partners to ensure ontime completion of projects. possesses easily transferable skills such as organization working with teams time keeping/payroll and business writing. highlights adp payroll system microsoft office suite word excel outlook publisher and powerpoint accomplishments as a programs director created a fundraiser for the united negro college fund that raised over 2500. planned networking events for employees held leadership roles within the order of the eastern star where responsible for membership accounting and event planning experience 02/2015 to current hr employee relations specialist conducted investigations and resolutions of workplace issues/inquiries from field employees and management. served as a partner for managers and employees by ensuring application of policies and procedures. created and conducted training for hourly and salaried employees. support performance management process for all employees. partnered with equifax and unemployment cost control to research and respond to unemployment claims. 02/2014 to 02/2015 store operations associate monitored inventory control processed physical counts of all merchandise organized and secured all inventory including cellular devices and accessories and responsible for shipping
__label__CHEF housekeeper professional summary dependable housekeeper professional summary dependable and trustworthy housekeeper who works well with others and believes in working hard to satisfy each customer. dedicated and energetic housekeeping professional who works well in fast-paced high-pressure environments. reliable and responsible with a positive attitude. skill highlights customer-oriented organized self-directed hardworking exceptional time management decision making skills work experience january 2014 to current housekeeper general housekeeping responsibilities kitchen bathroom cleaning hand dust office furniture vacuum mop floors trash removal patio cleaning recycling. i am able to clean and maintain this home every two weeks. have always had a great communicating relationship flexible schedule for sajeda. i believe working hard achieving the tasks at hand and being kind and friendly have resulted in a great relationship. 816-500-2786. january 2014 to current housekeeper general housekeeping responsibilities kitchen bathroom cleaning polish furniture dusting dishes vacuum mop floors wash dry fold put away laundry and linens ironing make beds organizing cabinet cleaning refrigerator oven cleaning recycling. empty trash bins. each task stephanie has asked of me i was able to complete within the time needed. as a result of hard work and thorough cleaning i have earned stephanie s trust and confidence to clean and care for her home
__label__ARTS creative director career focus creative director career focus creative director graphic artist studio artist data analyst sales and marketing representative - i have extensive experience with creating and directing page layout and collateral design. i am a self-motivated detail-oriented designer and problem solver. i can conceptualize and execute visuals in a fast-paced environment while maintaining accuracy and quality of the finished product. i often implement some of my skills as a professional fine artist and illustration artist to add a unique spin to many projects when the objective merits it. clean contemporary layouts with logical use of typography are my style. summary of skills adobe cs acrobat indesign illustrator photoshop dreamweaver microsoft office excel word access powerpoint mysql citrix retrieve html dynamic html photography illustration oil and acrylic painting drawing mural work tile working furniture restoration and re-invention basic knowledge of javascript and eclipse accomplishments product roll-out responsible for marketing for product launch including public relations direct mail pieces trade shows sales training and e-mail campaign. professional experience january 2002 to january 2015 creative director mentored our restructured sales and marketing department which over saw web site design web advertising conference banners and ad creation for promotional marketing and catalog layouts. responsible for new
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant mar business development consultant mar summary i am a highly motivated individual with seven years of financial industry experience specifically in the areas of risk management and compliance. my skills and strengths include but are not limited to excellent organizational project management and communication abilities and expertise in compliance and risk management in both retail and commercial banking. highlights microsoft office applications word excel powerpoint outlook ability to create reports and interpret data using oracle discover experience 01/2010 to current business development consultant mar develop commercial account procedures and guidelines. create business member informational brochures disclosures applications and marketing materials. develop action plans to accomplish assigned goals for business accounts manage activity within assigned budget. track and report business account activity. accumulate and report business account statistics identify trends recommend solutions/corrective actions/ process improvements. regularly meet with current and prospective business members as well as support vendors i.e. printing vendors merchant processing vendors etc. to develop and enhance relationships. provide monthly training to pscu staff regarding all aspects of business member services. 10/2007 to 10/2009 business sales manager directed the branch business banker program for 133 branches in the michigan market including the training and development of assistant branch managers and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY production associate summary conclude production associate summary conclude your application letter by thanking the employer for considering you for the position. include information on how you will follow-up. complimentary close sincerely signature the following application letter template lists the information you need to include in the letter you submit with your resume when applying for a job. use the application template as a guideline to create customized letters to send to employers with your resume. then review letter samples to get ideas on writing your own application letters. the first paragraph of your job application letter should include information on why you are writing. mention the job you are applying for and where you found the position. if you have a contact at the include it. middle paragraphs the next section of your cover letter should describe what you have to offer the company. make strong connections between your abilities and the requirements listed in the job posting. mention specifically how your skills and experience match the job. expand on the information in your resume don t just repeat it. try to support each statement you make with a piece of evidence. use several shorter paragraphs or bullets rather than one large block of
__label__FITNESS product specialist professional summary product specialist professional summary seeking a full-time opportunity that relates to business administration core qualifications critical thinking eye for detail effective multi-tasker verbal communication territory growth business development strategic planning time management ability experience 10/2015 to current product specialist checked in vendors changed and verified prices created and tested promotions emphasized fast friendly customer service offered product recommendations when appropriate 10/2014 to 10/2015 sales representative cold-called prospective customers to build relationship maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up after sales delivered products to customers in timely manner established new customer accounts evaluated competitors and performed market research achieved monthly sales goals 05/2014 to 05/2016 fitness coach suggested exercise modifications to individual students to avoid strain and injury encouraged members to continue attending group fitness classes corrected dangerous movements and suggested alternate exercises talked one-on-one with members about their fitness needs and eating habits 11/2009 to 10/2014 assistant manager executed cash transactions quickly and accurately greeted all customers oversaw overnight store operations including staff assignments and production lists delegated tasks to team members to optimize productivity supervised 5-7 employees per shift ordered and shelved weekly sale items for customers developed positive vendor relationships verified inventory counts bookkeeping back-up education
__label__CONSTRUCTION project coordinator/site acquisition and project coordinator/site acquisition and construction professional profile skilled project coordinator bringing extensive background in site acquisition and construction. organized resourceful and detail-oriented with exceptional planning and decision-making abilities. experience september 2015 to current project coordinator/site acquisition and construction process purchase order requests and issue purchase orders. track pay point deadlines for all job sites in order to ensure that financial deadlines are met. true up sites to ensure they will pass client auditor review prior to actualization of site acquisition project milestone while maintaining a score of 99 rating with client. assist project manager on a daily basis with compiling reports and reconciliation of budget reports. manage budget and job costing for over 600 projects to date. participate in weekly meetings with customer via telephone conferencing. attend semi-weekly meetings with client. handle all other tasks that are out of the ordinary on a daily basis. current job responsibilities include data entry and require me to perform site acquisition related tasks daily in ms office norad oracle nsite filenet share drive and rem. april 2013 to march 2015 construction coordinator ii download and check closeout documents for accuracy. change naming convention on each document in order to comply with client s
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering manager summary software engineering manager summary multifaceted technical career with 15+ years track record of innovation and success. accomplished enthusiastic and driven software engineer with a solid history of effective systems engineering in client/server/ web / enterprise software and saas / soa development. well recognized for strong leadership and project management abilities while leading cross-functional teams in fast-paced competitive work environments. willing to multitask on projects in personnel and database management and architecture/design. highlights c# asp.net mvc sql javascript java web services agile scrum etl php tools visual studio ssrs ssis iis sharepoint eclipse apache cognos sql server oracle experience software engineering manager august 2011 to current orchestrate key internal it developments for large-scale enterprise solutions while managing budgets and capacity planning company-wide. cross-train a professional team of 10+ employees on software development using c# asp.net and javascript and sql. foster relationships between competitive organizations in order to coordinate cross-functional software oversee career guidance/progress and monitor success ratios. senior software engineer april 2008 to august 2011 coordinated highly responsive web-based software development using c# asp.net and javascript sql and dojo. built loyalty and rapport as a result of strong written and verbal communication while overseeing supporting and enhancing existing systems and software.
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY assistant football coach summary assistant football coach summary enthusiastic reliable recent graduate with academic background in business and marketing. ability to establish priorities and meet challenges head-on. strong leadership and management skills. seeking a career in the business field. highlights exceptional interpersonal communication skills customer service skills management skills teamwork skills effective leader organized highly dependable fast learner able to work under pressure positive attitude and energy strong work ethic accomplishments utica college football member fall 2010 - fall 2013 participated in division iii football for four years member of the first winning team in school history leader of the accountability program leadership council member was selected based on performance as a leader on the field in the classroom and in the community met weekly with coaching staff to discuss team issues on/off the football field volunteer work/community service america s greatest heart run walk volunteer salvation army volunteer neighborhood clean-up north utica youth football volunteer experience 03/2014 to current assistant football coach assist in the design and execution of the offensive scheme for 60+ athletes including 20 wide receivers prepare field with all of the necessities for practices and games 09/2010 to current property maintenance assistant distribute media equipment to classrooms instruct professors
__label__CHEF senior executive chef summary senior executive chef summary utilize my extensive experience in the food service industry and to contribute my skills and knowledge in a management position with an industry leader. experience senior executive chef january 2012 to current manage and provide leadership and culinary training to 23 direct reports worked under budgeted costs through effective menu planning received gold scores in sanitation safety and compliance audits demonstrated hands-on leadership skills in training and staff development implemented branded foods marketing program for retail introduced the use of sustainable products local produce and farmers markets created special per diem menus for conference center increasing catering sale. executive corporate chef january 2008 to january 2012 collaborated with corporate rd/rn in creating and implementing upscale guest dining room and room service menus. led culinary team in the implementation and support of corporate strategies in the opening of new properties and special events. developed workplace safety and sanitation training schedule for culinary associates and dining room servers. received top percentile in silver chair training and health department audits. executive chef / event consultant january 2004 to january 2008 laison to the chicago board of realtors in consulting and planning of special events planned private parties and fundraisers
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary accomplished senior consultant summary accomplished senior business systems analyst with over 10 years of business process project management and technology experience for fortune 500 companies. recognized success in driving projects of the highest level of complexity critical business value and corporate visibility. highlights international institute business analysis iiba certification - august 2011 mcdst certification - microsoft certified desktop support technician - august 2007 lean six sigma certification - may 2013 demonstrated skills in business and systems analysis project management process analysis and improvement data analysis and mining inventory control and quality assurance experience consultant 06/2013 to current trained internal personnel in process awareness execution and documented mission critical processes analyzed business process workflows and identified improvement opportunities identified control gaps determined root causes and ensured appropriate controls were enhanced and / or implemented installed and secured cisco and netgear routers and triaged internet connectivity issues with pos systems senior business system analyst 10/2011 to 05/2013 served as a change case management liaison between cardinal health s medical products and pharmaceutical distribution stakeholders and its enterprise it groups provided sme guidance and support to business and functional users on existing and prospective sap-related business processes provided business process analysis and recommended workflow design
__label__SALES sales summary focused and sales summary focused and dedicated insurance professional motivated to provide superior customer service and drive sales through cold calling referrals and strategic outside marketing activities. highlights self-motivated driven clear and articulate phone manner cheerful and energetic dependable property and casualty products exceptional interpersonal skills excellent communication skills strong sales-closer cold calling accomplishments consistently qualify for sales bonuses by exceeding sales targets by items as well as monetary goals. experience sales 02/2015 to 12/2015 exceeded sales goals to 24 000 in one month s time. generated new leads weekly. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific products and services. responded to all customer inquiries in a timely manner. retained policyholders during annual renewal period. interviewed prospective clients to learn about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage. cold calls 10/2014 to 02/2015 marketing telemarketing personal and commercial lines. generated new leads weekly. developed life insurance and commercial insurance leads to meet monthly sales targets. receptionist telemarketer marketing 05/2014 to 10/2014 implemented a consultative selling approach on all inbound calls. acted as a liaison between inside representative with personal and commercial lines. implemented a consultative selling approach on all inbound calls. processed
__label__DESIGNER lead interaction designer summary lead interaction designer summary senior ux/ui designer profile tim has been involved in user centered design for over 20 years with a focus on human factors and usability. he has worked on a wide variety of projects focusing on improvement of functionality and performance. he is an expert with heuristic evaluation usability developing and evaluating user interfaces gui design iterative design methodology and human computer interaction hci . areas of experience usability interaction design usability engineering standards and guideline review user interface design standards usability testing/focus groups cognitive walkthroughs heuristic evaluation pluralistic walkthroughs website design interaction design personas use cases scenarios contextual inquiries affinity diagrams contextual design ethnography wireframes user flows development software development standards software testing html authoring 3d modeling and programming advanced image manipulation and analysis 3d interfaces interactive digital prototyping artificial intelligence touch input sql agile development other secret military clearance military/ spa war/dod/onr contracts cdc/ nhsn saas training and instructional design technical writing and editing project management healthcare medical diagnostic imaging systems electronic medical records hipaa fitness equipment. highlights user centered design human computer interaction hci innovation agile development contextual inquiries wireframes user flows prototyping skills user centered design accomplishments innovation tournament award winner 2014 -
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant https //www.linkedin.com/in/angelo-bennett-a2b638106 senior accountant https //www.linkedin.com/in/angelo-bennett-a2b638106 professional summary talented senior accountant highly effective at solving routine and critical issues across all operational levels. specialize in financial accounting. skills microsoft ax dynamics general ledger accounting gaap proficiency recordkeeping account updates financial statement review erp enterprise resource planning software intuit quickbooks specialist accounts payable accounts receivable v look ups budget analysis account reconciliation specialist work history senior accountant - 04/2016 - current oversee the general accounting processes of inter-company and financial reporting of all entities. provide timely explanations of variances between actual results and forecasts/budgets provide corrective action recommendations to management responsible for bank reconciliation for 7 inter-companies prepare prepayment schedule and apply monthly amortization generate month end entries for prepayment s and accruals reconciliation reports for all balance sheet accounts work with internal and external auditors during reviews and audits to ensure full cooperation and compliance with all qualified requests. ensure proper coding of general ledger accounts submit wire transfers to pay vendors and inter-companies record new assets and apply monthly depreciation assist implementation of migration from previous accounting software to microsoft dynamics ax. senior accountant - created revenue and expense account analysis implement the migration from manual to automation systems for general
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT senior business development manager senior business development manager executive summary resilient and focused management professional providing 15+ years of progressive leadership experience with proven success in developing growing and managing account portfolios. strong strategic-planning and people-management skills. leverages in-depth knowledge of industry trends and shifts to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion. organized and diligent with excellent written oral and interpersonal communication skills. core qualifications strategic positioning contracts strategic planning critical thinking account management competitive analysis new customer acquisition stakeholder relations professional experience senior business development manager washington d.c. aug. 11 2003 thru may 18 2007 8 am - 5 pm government-sponsored enterprise gse which operates under a congressional charter whose mission is to expand the flow of mortgage money by creating a secondary mortgage market. senior business development manager created executed and oversaw both short- and long-term strategic plans and initiatives within the affordable housing sector. led and supported business teams in a highly matrixed organization in addressing and resolving complex banking and financial transactional issues. worked collaboratively with individuals across multiple functional lines of business on specific activities interacted with external stakeholders in role as trusted advisor to address their respective business requirements and objectives. managed deliverables per
__label__CHEF event lead / prep event lead / prep cook / assistant pastry chef summary talented cook with a diverse culinary background encompassing family style meals restaurant management and on site catering. successful history of motivating kitchen personnel to maintain high performance standards and excellence. experience event lead / prep cook / assistant pastry chef jan 2015 to dec 2016 - as an event lead i was expected to deliver an eating experience that reflected the integrity and reputation of the i was employed by. in doing so i was responsible for managing an event team of up to 40 people at times. this included but was not limited to delegating responsibilities managing break and leave times loading/delivering and training new employees. as a prep cook i prepared food desserts and drinks according to recipes and specifications from the executive chef. i also cooled stored and labeled according to industry and health code standards. at i was able to have creative input during menu planning. as the assistant pastry chef i was responsible for completing a daily prep list ie. cakes cookies breads pastries and candies etc. according to chef specifications and recipes while utilizing various baking methods and equipment. i was also in charge
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary savvy teacher professional summary savvy teacher with superb problem solving seo analytics and microsoft office skills. reliable organized and personable. core qualifications microsoft office advanced problem solving client-focused innovative customer service-oriented 58 wpm typing speed results-oriented seo analytics quick learner computer proficient file/records maintenance team-player accurate and detailed experience teacher 12/2014 to current applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors. conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. wrote daily and weekly lesson plans. supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics. developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials. assisted four to six students per station during small group learning periods supplied one-on-one attention to each student while maintaining overall focus on the entire group. paraprofessional 01/2014 to 12/2014 helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support assisted four to six students per station during small group learning periods supplied one-on-one attention to each student while maintaining overall focus on the entire group. substitute teacher 09/2013 to 01/2014
__label__HR hr executive professional summary hr executive professional summary forward-thinking hr generalist highly effective at adapting to evolving market plans and the needs associated with expansion. skills new employee orientations compensation and benefits termination procedures in-depth knowledge of hr compliance project management ms office proficient knowledgeable in all hr systems team building employee recruitment interpersonal skills good communication skill fast learner flexibility work history 11/2012 to 09/2014 hr executive developed personnel policies standard operating procedures and employee handbooks. developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations. conducted employment verifications and investigations. built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy. developed and enforced policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity. managed all aspects of leave administration including employee notifications and vendor management disability programs and health benefits. established and monitored employee pay scales. conducted job analysis and job evaluations resulting in quality job specifications. developed innovative new-employee orientation programs including safety training. updated key human resource metrics including turnover and terminations using reporting tools on the hrms database. shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position. education 2012 mba human resource crescent business school - emphasis in human resources minor in systems in a study of professional in
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology summary dedicated information technology summary dedicated information assurance professional well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. excels at boosting performance and productivity by establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines. versatile it professional with 37 years of enterprise design and engineering methodology. skills enterprise platforms knowledge of product lifecycle management plm project tracking hardware and software upgrade planning product requirements documentation self-directed ms visio decisive collaborative domain active directory layout data storage engineering information assurance risk management framework rmf active directory design and deployment workstation build and deployment systems accreditation packages red hat enterprise linux installation and hardening network design troubleshooting high performance computing experience information technology 02/2011 to current i was hired to manage accreditation efforts for a major department modernization project involving 3 accreditation packages each leading to successful authorization to operate decisions. responsibilities then increased to include all departmental accreditation efforts leading to another 3 successful atos. now working on 4 new accreditation including re-authorization for an existing project. succeeded in writing and implementing vulnerability management for existing accredited systems. success of the accreditation hinged on coordination with oni enterprise in critical design decisions and to help the program integrate smoothly into the enterprise thru many meetings
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager experience business development manager experience january 2014 to current business development manager platform for video content and targeted native video ads report to coo and cro with new business initiatives and business strategies for publishers and advertisers. launched cinema6 s first campaigns with a premium spirits brand and athletic brand resulting in 100 profit negotiated contracts with 3rd party vendors jun group veeseo adblade bidtellect . adding clients to partner with by phone email and meetings resulting in the creation of a pipeline for cinema6 compose weekly reports on new business campaigns and other daily tasks. january 2013 to january 2014 sales and service desk specialist private wealth management - alternative investments supported and managed relationships with financial advisors in the pacific northwest and mid-america regions as well as throughout the country and internationally. educated financial advisors on specific alternative investment products on the merrill lynch platform including strategies fee structure and purchase and redemption schedules. identified as the sales and service desk specialist with the highest and most consistent call record leading the team in services provided to financial advisors that called on the alternative investments service desk. developed and helped launch the best practitioner program for financial advisors geared
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY experienced information technology manager experienced information technology manager experience experienced information technology manager highly accomplished professional with over 10 years of experience in a variety of management areas. astute in identifying operational business needs turning needs into requirements and producing supporting business and reporting systems. skilled in all phases of project management managing resources and personnel and leadership. demonstrated ability to implement effective systems and manage high output work teams. key proficiencies personnel management leadership management of on-shore/off-shore resources financial budgets/planning project management business intelligence communications business analysis report development/ analysis user relations/user training development superior microsoft office product knowledge redesign of entire bi program including streamlining of platform redesign of warehouse and revamp of reporting tools resulting in consistent data across entire organization quality trusted data for business decision making and license cost savings of 30 000 per year over 5 year period. redeployment of architecture of business objects to sap bo with sap bw providing backend closed system between tools to improve report design and runtime efficiency of reports. implementation of revamped external website using sharepoint as the redesign toolset project brought our technology current to sharepoint 2010 architecture providing vendor support and established new branding. redesign of sharepoint end user experience
__label__CONSTRUCTION international code council icc international code council icc special inspector and construction materials technician cmt objective my objective is to obtain and secure a meaningful position integrating my skills with the expertise of my co-workers resulting in a successful service provided to the client. additionally i am eager to gain knowledge through my own hard work and the tutelage of my superiors to earn advancement within the organization. skills proficient in microsoft windows word excel. general knowledge of gaap that continues to grow through hard work. 14 years progressively advancing experience in civil construction materials testing and inspection. constant communication with contractors craft and co-workers in collaborative effort to complete task at hand. natural leader who is team oriented with strong desire succeed in accounting field. able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing to clients co-workers and superiors. productive worker in fast-paced time-sensitive environment while remaining within budget. courteous team member who works with high levels of integrity and professionalism. experience international code council icc special inspector and construction materials technician cmt 03/2015 to current icc special inspector reinforced concrete rebar and concrete placement inspections and epoxy anchor bolt inspections. concrete soils and asphalt field testing technician. icc special inspector and cmt
__label__FITNESS fitness instructor professional summary fitness instructor professional summary dynamic entrepreneurial sales executive with a record of achievement and success driving sales growth in highly competitive markets. solid background securing key clients and increasing product distribution to grow market share. steadfast in building new business securing customer loyalty and developing strong relationships with external business partners. well organized with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation creativity and the initiative to achieve both personal and corporate goals. skills sales management account management program management client relationships product marketing customer retention distribution strategies team leadership wine spirits/beverage industry experience fitness instructor 02/2013 to current teach energetic workouts that are challenging and motivating yet safe. provide students individualized hands-on adjustment throughout class. address each student by during class and cultivate long term relationships. organized the 2014 fitness kick-off challenge in which local vendors provided educational seminars/products to inspire a commitment to a healthier lifestyle. assist clients of all ages and fitness levels in improving health and wellness. owner 01/2011 to current founder of a stand up paddle board business consisting of retail sales rentals and lessons. hands on involvement from lease contract negotiations to build-out to website development and marketing strategy. on site management of all daily operations
__label__FITNESS interim membership director professional interim membership director professional profile highly responsible and dedicated professional with a proven record of success in member engagement and experience. excellent manager of both large groups and small teams. works well in groups. volunteers own time. able to multitask effectively and handle evolving job priorities. superior organizational leadership and interpersonal skills. successful in hiring and retaining highly motivated and member oriented employees. qualifications human resources experience relationship builder skilled motivator highly dependable microsoft word excel outlook proficient oranized trustworthy team player volunteer works well under pressure energetic personality relevant experience process improvement updated and created new departmental procedures. assessed organizational training needs. experience interim membership director 02/2016 to current oversee welcome desk and sales team work and collaborate with the municipal services assistant with the of morgan hill work and collaborate with the director of member engagement with the ymca mentor and develop welcome desk staff rebuild and establish trust and support with welcome desk staff track tours given and tours closed assess and apply financial aid to members interact and engage with members health and wellness director 05/2015 to current oversee 65 direct reports and the day to day operations in the fitness center and group fitness program.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager highlights business development manager highlights business development skills identify and capitalizing on opportunities. understanding customer requirements. networking in a professional manner. developing key relationships. identifying important decision makers. maximizing revenue at every opportunity. knowledge of how to get past the screening processes and to be able to contact important decision makers. managerial skills comprehensive understanding of the internal processes and organizational structure of businesses. understanding key business drivers. analyzing and solving problems. taking charge of long term projects. able to review the time and resources spent with a prospect client against the return on investment. taking responsibility for personal development. experience january 2014 to current business development manager manage new and existing accounts and develop them to their fullest potential to ensure consistent recurring revenues. also in charge of providing clients with a service that continually delivers significant value and meets their needs. duties generating new business both in face to face meetings and over the phone. identify prospective clients and contacting them. replying to all prospective new and current client enquiries in a timely and accurate manner. making a high number of daily outbound calls to prospective new clients. completing all documentation and administrative records fully and accurately. maintaining a
__label__APPAREL associate merchant summary resourceful associate merchant summary resourceful buyer with over 15 years of developing and implementing sales strategies in multiple product lines. strengths include vendor negotiation sourcing consumer products and promotional planning. skills contract negotiation sales and trend forecasting interpersonal ability trade shows self-directed competitive analysis pricing strategies presentations experience associate merchant 06/2015 to current driving sales by 17 or 936k in 2016 on a 10m+ category. evaluated and negotiated supplier contacts to support corporate initiatives. managed pricing orders and terms through sap totaling over 60m at cost. partnered with inventory and demand to achieve the department service goal of 96 to all retail stores. lead product and supplier reviews on an annual basis. cross collaboration with marketing to advertise product categories in print online and in-store promotions. created an onboarding and training curriculum for the merchandising department. buyer 06/2013 to 06/2015 launched product assortments for rfp/rfq/rfis to meet client specific parameters. coached the re-buyer on inventory management totaling over 30 million at cost. developed relationships with existing suppliers and source new vendors for major promotions and client requests. negotiated product pricing payment terms and rebates with manufacturers. analyzed sales data and market trends to present top brands and items to corporate clients.
__label__HEALTHCARE business office manager professional business office manager professional summary to obtain a full time position in healthcare environment where my 16 years of experience in the area of healthcare field customer relations claims coding billing human resources and employee management will be an asset. licenses bachelor s of science in health administration certified medical billing specialist health information management certificate certificate in electronic medical records medical office admin certificate skill highlights microsoft word and excell medisoft billing software cad arcommand -billing software medicare/medical and all other insurance/private billing. advanced knowledge in hmo and managed care computer literate quick and easy learning skills able to work under pressure. excellent organization skills team leader. high typing skills minimum of 70 + wpm.. excellent communication spelling and writing skills high skills in business management and knowledge of supervising employees. maintains strict confidentiality knowledge of hmos medicare and medi-cal extensive anatomy/physiology knowledge medical manager software managed care contract knowledge electronic medical record emr software icd-9 coding neurology billing expertise certified coding instructor cpt and hcpcs coding internal medicine billing hipaa compliance medical billing software strong planning skills strong work ethic team player with positive attitude deadline-driven good written communication exercises good judgment professional experience january 2009 to current
__label__BANKING software engineer qualifications c# software engineer qualifications c# 3.0 pl/sql javascript html 4 css 2 framework .net 3.5 database sql server 2008 oracle 9i operating systems windows 98/xp windows server 2000/2005 unix tools/services toad hp service manager winscp putty pm smart vi text editor visual sourcesafe and businessobjects xi 3.1 universe designer desktop intelligence central management console domain banking work experience software engineer july 2010 to march 2014 3 years and 9 months of experience in the development support and enhancement of web and windows applications and in the implementation of cost effective valueadds designed and developed webbased tools in asp .net 3.5 using the programming and c# pl/sql procedural languages namely and enhanced ebusiness applications and managed technological issues by analyzing codes and providing customizable solutions using sql and business objects xi 3.1 tools awarded for outstanding performance and ontime delivery of projects and as a result helped the team achieve 100 customer satisfaction csat score 7/7 theoretical knowledge on the basics of windows presentation foundation/extensible application markup language of .net framework 3.5 and angularjs basic understanding of the strategies involved in moving applications to cloud in microsoft s windows azure. manager january 2013 to march 2014 1. statement of work sow tracker
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager executive summary construction manager executive summary osp/construction/engineering manager with 33+ years of experience. strong strategic-planning and people-management skills. managing 30 to 40 union techs and contractors in the osp construction field to complete complex fiber and copper projects and make deadlines. successfully constructing and turning up 200 cell fiber towers for the automated metering system for centerpoint energy in a 3 year time frame. working with a focused motivated and performance driven team meeting all deadlines for project projections. core qualifications supervision and training complex problem solving team leadership copper/fiber splicing cable maintenance osp aerial buried underground safety quality production management cell site construction first aid cpr alcatel/lucent 8600 training project management osp fault locating autocad training customer service budget forecasts inventory control union meeting organization united way affiliate professional experience 07/2014 to 01/2015 construction manager oversee material acquisition and placement of fiber for at t manage 25 to 30 crews and coordinate job assignments approve all red lines invoicing time sheets and expenses work closely with engineering group to resolve and solve construction issues weekly conference call for updates projections safety quality and production weekly job observations safety meetings and truck inspections accountable for every manager and technician in my location.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager/program director business development manager/program director executive profile marketing and sales executive who thrives in energetic high-pressure competitive environments. creative results-orientated dynamic professional with extensive educational and professional expertise with long trackrecord of success in direct sales and brand management. exceptional problem solver natural leader and skilled mediator who excels at bringing out the best in allemployees. disciplined and versatile in resource management while facilitating growth in sales marketing andbusiness enterprises to support corporate objectives. skill highlights top-ranked sales executive leading largenational account management organizations.organizational psychology and managementexcellence in strategic business policy.sciences.direct sales trainer and staff developmentplanning and control.manager.public and client relations.marketing and economic policy.revenue and market expansion. resource optimization.excellent communicator.compelling leadership skills.complex project negotiator.international business and marketing.advanced problem solving abilities . professional experience business development manager/program director february 2014 to current - designed and implemented a strategic marketing initiative for first interstate bank entitled bank of thefuture. market share and revenue grew by over 300 and the program which included the training ofbank employees in direct sales was rolled out nationally.developed sales training protocols for adp s new p.c. payroll product line which eventually dominated themarketplace.recruited trained and managed an agent sales force for at t s gbs division which grew
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS associate director interests world associate director interests world endeavors international volunteer program northern thailand april-may 2006 assisted thai teachers and government officials in a primary school for underprivileged children with the goal of introducing new ways and means to improve the facility and educational experience. undergraduate writing consultants program fall 2003 recommended by professor because of high academic achievement outstanding writing ability and effective communication skills. encouraged students to improve writing through individual and group tutoring. university college peer advisor program fall 2003 spring 2003 developed relationships with freshmen by providing support and assistance through the difficult transition period in both the academic and social arenas. p.r.o. - public relations organization of uri spring 2003 - present founding member of a recognized chapter of the public relations student society of america. professional summary skills advertisements advertising sales brochures cancer client clients database direct marketing logistics director mailing market research marketing materials online marketing press releases programming public relations publicity researching sales sales development strategy supervisor skills work history 07/2006 to current associate director manages direct marketing communications for advertising sales and public relations initiatives. manages marketing operations and logistics for all of technology review s event business including the annual emtech conference at mit.
__label__APPAREL store keeper / production store keeper / production co-ordinator summary to develop and find a place in the industry where i can utilize my skills through serving efficiently and with complete honesty integrity and hard work for personal and organizational growth. highlights ms-office excel word pivot vlookup internet applications. customer service oriented merchandising production co-ordination store managing inventory tracking vendor management shipment consolidations planning warehouse and fulfillment imports and exports works well independently accomplishments credentials institution/university year of completion b.com c.k.thakur college of arts commerce mumbai university 2008 hsc s.e.s college / mumbai university 2005 ssc new english school / mumbai university 2003. experience store keeper / production co-ordinator 03/2014 to current designation store keeper / production co-ordinator key responsibilities maintained store facilities to ensure smooth functioning - made arrangements and placed orders for new stock and supplies whenever necessary. responsible for upkeep of various appropriate records of materials received. received deliveries of ordered items and ensured that all the supplies were in proper order - stored the supplies and items received in their designated place to avoid time wasted searching for items and general confusion. maintained the budget of all the expenditures incurred and presented same to manager. reported to prod.manager on a
__label__DESIGNER electrical cad designer summary electrical cad designer summary highly motivated team player with a vast skill set and strong work ethic. proficient in computer aided design cad . experienced in autocad and microstation. on-site installation experience both domestically and internationally. fluent in both verbal and written spanish. highlights excellent communication techniques multidisciplinary exposure project management lean principles knowledge autocad expert complex problem solver sharepoint microsoft excel project and visio engineering operational functions assembly drawing accomplishments mastered proprietary engineering software programs and systems. provided on-site field installation assistance and training both domestically and internationally. accomplished in writing technical training troubleshooting and reference documentation in both english and spanish. cad coordinator for the controls and electrical groups. lean six sigma certification at yellow belt and green belt levels. experience electrical cad designer 05/2012 to 03/2017 electrical cad designer north america facilities engineering group create and assist in creating and maintaining accurate electrical drawings such as plan views of electrical equipment one line and riser diagrams panel schematics panelboard schedules and lighting plans. support the process control forming electronics and cold end packaging groups with their cad and/or design needs. write scopes of work for electrical contractors. order equipment. support the north american factories by providing drawings
__label__HR hr business partner ii hr business partner ii summary to obtain a position in the human resources field where i can utilize proven people-oriented skills to develop and promote a positive work environment. this position would leverage my professional experiences and job knowledge to enable me to make an immediate contribution to the organization while providing me with a challenging work environment that will allow me to continue to learn and grow. core competencies human capital planning employee engagement change leadership project management hiring and retention training and development performance management strategies experience 12/2002 - current hr business partner ii experienced hr professional with successful career in banking operation/procedural development and administration. excel at interfacing with employees at all levels to ensure organizational goals are attained. i support the south florida retail lob approx 330 employees . possess excellent communication analytical and organizational skills. support the following functions within the retail line of business employee engagement analysis and delivery this including focus groups and listening sessions talent review organizational design performance and talent management cycles and partner with learning to coordination professional skills based training registration and annual compliance training adherence support market manager and regional managers on all hc initiatives recruiting training performance
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology executive profile innovative executive and technology professional with strong work ethic and excellent communication skills experienced in high-volume multi-unit retail and business operations. desires a high-level position in a professional business environment. skill highlights microsoft server 2003 2008 2012 exchange server 2007 2010 vmware esxi vmware vcenter vmware horizon view 5.x 6.x and 7.x microsoft hyper-v cisco ucm and unity help desk itil service catalog vendor management budgeting project management sla management asset management professional experience director of information technology 11/2012 to current developed and implemented the it strategy for the organization including software support and infrastructure hired developed and managed it staff negotiated terms and products from external vendors including changes needed as business needs changed met and exceeded goals set by executive leadership accomplishing both time and financial gains set annual budgets for organizational technology needs it administrator 03/2008 to 11/2012 planned installed and managed microsoft domain environment utilizing microsoft server 2008 upgraded environment to server 2012 planned installed and managed microsoft exchange server successfully migrating end user data from third party non-exchange environment planned installed and managed vmware platform for a virtual environment. converted all physical servers to virtual environment planned installed and
__label__APPAREL owner/attorney and mediator executive owner/attorney and mediator executive profile as an attorney for over 25 years i have helped individuals and businesses all over northern ohio build futures primarily in the areas of contracts divorce mediation elder care employment estates family law probate property law trusts wills. skill highlights leadership/communication skills human resources negotiations expert skilled divorce mediator estate planning taxes legal research writing expert core accomplishments awarded 100 000 from gund and cleveland foundations to initiate cuyahoga county juvenile court s custody mediation program serving diverse never married parents. professional experience owner/attorney and mediator january 2001 to current - gather evidence to formulate defense or initiate legal actions interview clients witnesses to ascertain the facts of a case. analyze evidence and apply relevant laws regulations precedents in order to reach conclusions. arrange and conduct depositions other discovery to obtain information evidence relevant to claims. determine existence amount of liability according to evidence laws administrative judicial precedents. evaluate information from documents such as claim applications birth or death certificates and physician or employer records. interview claimants agents or witnesses to obtain information about disputed issues. research laws regulations policies or precedent decisions to prepare for hearings. recommend acceptance or rejection of compromise settlement offers.
__label__FITNESS medical scribe professional summary medical scribe professional summary to obtain a position in patient care and research that will allow continual growth of personal knowledge in a progressive environment that facilitates improvements in the physical health and well being of others and my community. skill highlights charting expertise understands medical procedures medical terminology knowledge emr knowledge venipuncture laboratory procedures- microbiology chemistry anatomy professional experience august 2014 to current medical scribe assist in transition to electronic medical records essentially acting as a personal assistant to the physician performing documentation in the ehr documenting information during the patient s visit and partnering with the physician to deliver the pinnacle of efficient patient care.completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines. january 2013 to current personal trainer provide personalized attention professional instruction and exercise programming to each client in order to maximize their health fitness and wellness goals post-injury rehabilitation. january 2011 to january 2014 medical assistant/casting technician assists in examination and treatment of patients under the direction of a physician. interviews patients measures vital signs draws necessary blood samples and prepares specimens for laboratory analysis. ensures appropriate appointments are made schedules surgeries and fits and applies all durable medical equipment. removes and re-applies surgical
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS fast food restaurant manager fast food restaurant manager summary to join a that offers me a stable and positive atmosphere and inspires me to enhance and therefore to innovate the work culture for the betterment of all parties concerned. highlights computerized cash registers email software inventory management software laser printers microsoft office software microsoft outlook microsoft powerpoint microsoft word notebook computers personal computers point of sale pos software spreadsheet software operating vehicles mechanized devices or equipment resolving conflicts and negotiating with others training and teaching others laptop computers microsoft word personal computers scheduling software organizing planning and prioritizing work judging the qualities of things services or people documenting/recording information developing and building teams experience with adobe systems adobe acrobat adobe systems adobe acrobat software adobe systems adobe flash experience in placing food orders making weekly employee schedules interviewing hiring and termination of employees experience fast food restaurant manager march 2013 to may 2016 monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed count money and make bank deposits monitor food preparation methods portion sizes investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality service or accommodations monitor budgets and payroll records schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries checking delivery contents to verify product
__label__FITNESS sales associate objective to sales associate objective to obtain a position with a growing while promoting quality customer service and performing tasks provided efficiently. core strengths approachable flexible dedicated team player reliable and dependable work experience 04/2016 to current personal trainer fitness instructor - suggested exercise modifications to individual students to avoid strain and. injury. teach circuit classes advanced dance fitness and a booty builder class 06/2015 to 04/2016 fitness instructor - taught dance fitness spin and power. designed each class to match the skill and learning levels of all participants. cleaned and organized studio after each group fitness class. 03/2015 to 03/2016 vista representative - helped underemployed unemployed and undergraduates further their education through continuing education programs. proctored c.r.c career readiness career testing helped with unemployment filing and weekly certification 02/2014 to 02/2015 sales associate - team player mentality fitness programming specialist verbal/written communication zumba instructor time management nutrition supplement familiarity opened and closed the store including counting cash opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments as well as shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations to meet that specific need. educational background 2012 high school diploma general studies corinth high school - united states teach dance fitness circuit
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction equipment repairer/ shop construction equipment repairer/ shop foreman/ squad leader summary maurice madison a united states army veteran offers expertise in property accountability logistics and configuration management. highly motivated with technical and mechanical engineering support professional. strong verbal listening and writing skills. comfortable in interacting with all levels of the organization and public. able to negotiate and problem solve quickly accurately and efficiently. adept at multitasking to achieve individual and team goals. diverse background includes customer service and supervision. committed to quality and excellence. works well with others and with minimum supervision. computer literate with strong electronic electrical and mechanical skills. customer oriented problem solver with an ability to adapt to new situations. a quick learner with a desire for continuous personal growth. highlights athletic training -budget planning marketing public relations -presentations -resource management communications -windows proficiency facilities mgmt. -mac proficiency office experience -planning -computer knowledge -logistics case management research -microsoft word writing -microsoft excel bookkeeping -microsoft powerpoint effective team leader hazmat handling trained in emergency response cpr certified expertise in hydraulic and pneumatic systems repair equipment maintenance small arms weapons specialist valid michigan driver s license fluent in troubleshooting 6 time combat veteran accomplishments united states army basic training. united states army
__label__ADVOCATE customer service advocate summary customer service advocate summary enthusiastic and hard-working customer service specialist looking to obtain a position in an environment where my skills are valued and can benefit the organization. dedicated focused and excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a challenging role of increased responsibility and authority. highlights strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management experience customer service advocate 09/2014 to 03/2015 provide customer service and support. handle member calls via telephone as it relates to their prescriptions. collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. placing refill orders and tracking order status. deliver the highest level of quality customer service through the execution of responsiveness reliability assurance/confidence accuracy and professionalism on every member interaction. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. maintained up-to-date records at all times. collection specialist ii 05/2015 to 10/2015 complete collection calls and/or correspondence in a fast-paced goal oriented collection department. providing customer service regarding collection issues process customer refunds process and review account adjustment resolve clients discrepancies and short payments. responsible for monitoring and maintaining assigned
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction management- assistant professional construction management- assistant professional summary experienced professional with 10+ years experience in project management with a background in real estate residential commercial civil contract management project coordination procurement business development and other facets of the construction industry. demonstrated verifiable success leading multi-million dollar organizations through start-up revitalization and accelerated growth. solutions-driven decisive and results-oriented with outstanding negotiation and crisis management skills. seeking an opportunity to leverage leadership management and business development skills to become a top-level construction manager. skills project management budget finances personnel acquisition training team management customer relations site management new business development value engineering procurement oral and written communication business writing work history construction management- assistant 01/2017 to current assisted in supervision of all on-site construction which included scheduling of sub-contractors ordering materials obtaining permits resolving problems at job site and inspecting construction work to ensure compliance with plans and specifications assisted with performed tests on aggregate production asphalt mix and ready-mix concrete assisted with inspections on newly built lift stations and pavement work analyzed and orchestrated bids on new civil projects worth 20 000 000 actively sought out potential upcoming bids for submission attended pre-bid meetings on-boarded subcontractors led weekly production and operations sub- contractor meetings
__label__HEALTHCARE director of national sales- director of national sales- us. healthcare executive profile sales and business development executive successful in sales management and business development at the local regional and national levels. hands-on manager with highly developed negotiation skills. provide sound budgeting financial and forecasting management. creative problem solver who drives revenue resolves conflict and consistently exceeds sales goals. skill highlights leadership/communication skills business operations organization client account management budgeting expertise negotiations expert employee relations self-motivated market research and analysis customer-oriented microsoft family products customer crm gpo and idn targeting vendor and distributor relations national business development regional business development local business development forecasting c-suite executive targeting exceed profit and sales goals problem solver sales management core accomplishments 45 healthcare division growth in 2014 500 growth of healthcare active business pipeline developed managed supported sales budget that exceeded 20 million dollars exceeded sales and profit goals by 40 plus in 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 grew northeast region into largest and most profitable territory in 2012-2014 largest territory margin increase in 2012-2014 took territory from 5 under contract to 65 highest in 2012-2014 highest new account margin in 2013-2014 multi-year contest winner professional experience director of national sales- us. healthcare march 2014 to current responsible
__label__AVIATION field project supervisor summary field project supervisor summary administrative aviation logistics professional with 26 years experience working in the military sector including 20 years operating in a supervisory position. tracked and managed u.s. navy and marine corps aeronautical logistics assets performing above and beyond the requirements of the military occupational specialty 6046/6047 . additional roles include management personnel development and quality assurance. outstanding leader and team builder established and managed programs coached and mentored personnel. exceptional technical and technology skills. ba in human resources management. skills secret clearance. e-commerce supply chain management logistics management microsoft office suite ntcss sap technical publications technical writing six sigma green belt maintenance administration experience 01/2015 to current field project supervisor managed u.s. naval aviation logistics command management information system optimized-organizational maintenance activity nalcomis ooma implementations operation and training for 7 diverse tactical aviation units comprised of more than 48 400 naval aircraft systems parts and publications worth more than 11 billion dollars. organized and managed compliance inspections and repairs for more than 19 500 logistic components installed on 130 u.s. naval aircraft and ejection seats and 260 engines. generated and released over 400 critical u.s. naval aircraft engine and summary analysis reports for 130 aircraft ejections seats and
__label__BANKING marketing manager summary multidisciplinary marketing manager summary multidisciplinary professional with track record of exceeding revenue goals driving high-volume new user acquisition and growing subscription-based businesses. versed in all aspects of marketing campaigns from concept development to execution and launch. highlights brand development multi-media marketing channel strategy crm understanding new customer acquisition prospecting account management skilled negotiator accomplishments notable accomplishments co-founding instadium llc the country s leading provider of restroom advertising signage and in-game promotional events to both professional and collegiate sporting venues. co-founding livehelper.com livehelper is a privately held that introduced to the lead generation industry remotely hosted services for businesses and their websites to provide real-time support online sales marketing and customer service. co-founding gowebbaby usa llc one of the fastest growing it solution companies in central india as well as its proprietary technologies that include bingocrm legalzen and smartgen a document assembly and automation software. developer and co-founder legalzen a real-time artificial intelligence engine that utilizes social media to suggest create and offer to consumer legal documents and associated solutions. experience marketing manager 04/2009 to 03/2015 managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams. managed the complete redesign and launch of the
__label__HR hr representative summary a hr representative summary a motivated business partner who communicates and collaborates effectively with all levels of personnel by relying on outstanding interpersonal and customer service skills excellent sense of urgency and time management skills and taking pride in delivering high quality work. highlights provide a high level of service to both internal and external clients and candidates possess excellent communication skills an organizational guru communication skills have the ability to shift gears at a moment s notice and enjoy the challenges of helping to build a great organization of talented individuals. ability to multi-task and work in a extremely fast paced environment. superb customer/client service focus with a demonstrated desire to exceed expectations. ability to handle confidential information and escalate issues when appropriate. ability to interface with all levels of the organization with external candidates and build relationships. proved ability to serve as a team player with the agility to jump in whenever needed. flexible able to change direction quickly. excellent oral and written communication skills an ability to multitask strong attention to detail and be able to work autonomously. a track record of demonstrating strong work ethic integrity and personal accountability. organized with strong time management and problem solving
__label__DESIGNER senior technical designer summary senior technical designer summary product developer/technical designer with strengths in apparel handbags and jewelry. i have an extensive knowledge of materials manufacturing and quality assurance. dynamic product engineer highly skilled in creative problem solving with exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills who illustrates sophisticated expertise in a variety of innovative approaches to design prototype and test creative products services and experiences. i thrive working within a team environment and i have extensive experience working in partnership with domestic and international teams. skills adobe cs6 adobe illustrator flex plm grovesite webpdm microsoft word excel optitex garment specs and sketches fit assessment product development technical direction line and product review flat pattern making and corrections garment construction draping accomplishments events and networking pillar lead on the lgbta business council. participant in bullseyecrowd an innovation execution platform to develop a place where anyone at target can share their ideas and get access to the resources to turn their ideas into reality.to provide new market potential for target. experience senior technical designer 03/2017 to current senior technical designer 11/2013 to 02/2016 responsible for product creation and communication from design hand-off to production for swat td for children s apparel as well as women s jewelry
__label__DESIGNER personal stylist- women s personal stylist- women s designer summary eager to work in a fast-paced customer focused environment driven to expand sales volume by utilizing developing technology. proficient at understanding client needs and collaborating on a creative vision to exceed expectations and deliver results conducive to cultivating relationships and growing business. skills microsoft office word powerpoint excel experience personal stylist- women s designer 05/2014 to 02/2017 leverages knowledge of design and brands to create a personalized experience to individual clients based on dressing concerns. nurtures relationships by creating impactful appointments accompanied by planned follow-ups. effectively time manages consultations with future clients while servicing those within the store. utilizes internal digital application wardrobing clients on their terms. implements communication templates via text and email regarding selling campaigns and customer rewards incentive programs. integrates tools to improve customer retention and achieve significant level of designer selling volume. sales associate- via c department 02/2010 to 05/2014 relocated personal clientele to a competitive top volume door. profited in business development in an elevated women s designer department. effectively time managed customer service to create a personalized experience while maximizing sales volume. regularly attended product knowledge seminars allowing delivery of service at the highest level. initiated conversations with
__label__TEACHER teacher profile i am teacher profile i am a highly qualified k-12 vocal music teacher holding a bs in music education from kansas university and sterling college. 1999 i believe in building a solid foundation in the formative years and helping students find many different ways to experience music.i lead them to develop passion in music and performance that leads them to continue in music in middle high school and beyond. providing multiple delivery methods in teaching assures each student will experience learn and retain key music knowledge in they way that they learn best. using brain research strategies coupled with multiple intelligences hots and explicit instruction i have found a way to teach students music through all core areas. music is a universal language. regardless of gender or race music looks the same on paper but is experienced in numerous ways through culture. i am passionate about teaching areas of expertise trained in explicit instruction trained in hots instruction 4 years mtss leadership team corporate trainer customer service manager quality control specialist corporate scheduler professional experience 08/2002 to current teacher taught k-12 vocal music and 9-12 band assistant. responsible for two schools one elementary and one middle and high school. 6-8 vocal coleman
__label__DESIGNER senior interior designer summary senior interior designer summary experienced interior designer with a diverse knowledge base of design styles and techniques after living and working in different parts of the world. proven skills in sales and project management. successful at listening to the needs of the client and collaborating on a creative vision. drafting in cad produce 3d renderings and monitor installations is part of my every day job. a team player who is an expert at m ultitasking and work under pressure to meet deadlines. open for a position in the field of interior architecture and design. highlights archicad cabinet vision 3d studio max adobe photoshop ms office design adobe indesign languages english swedish conceptual design space planning construction documents drafting cost management ffe 3d rendering experience 09/2015 - current senior interior designer conferring with clients to determine their specific needs. create design concepts and space planning depending on client s needs and budget. drafting and create shop drawings in cad. monitor installation process and service. expert at multitasking handling several projects simultaneously. 08/2012 - 08/2014 owner / freelance designer worked as a freelance designer drafting in archicad and producing 3d renderings to designers and clients. 01/2010 - 07/2011 owner/ freelance designer worked
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary general accounting accountant summary general accounting procedures accounts payables costing billing accounts receivables cash management bank reconciliation payroll management finalisation of accounts up to balance sheet accounting reports management knowledge of l/c documentation admin secretarial skills competencies proficient in data entry and management ability to maintain a high level of accuracy in preparing and entering financial information ability to work fast and in an accurate manner good organizational and analytical skills ability to learn and adapt quickly to meet changing needs highlights sound knowledge of computer accounting programs such as i-travel financials erp myob tally quickbooks xpert leap accounting and ms office applications like word excel powerpoint outlook and other internet applications with very good typing speed. experience accountant october 2012 to october 2014 a destination management based in dubai job description handled high volume of payments including internal and external. reviewed supplier invoices to ensure that all the information appearing on them is accurate and complete and reconciled their statements after sorting queries. maintained listing of accounts payable. monitored accounts aging to ensure payments are up to date. performed day to day processing of payments by cheques telegraphic transfers online transfers etc. and ensured that suppliers are paid within the established
__label__APPAREL jobs coordinator / estimator jobs coordinator / estimator professional summary job title with management experience and exceptional people skills. versed in skill set 1 and skill set 2 . desires a challenging role as a job title . core qualifications excellent interpersonal and coaching skills motivated recruiting and selection techniques conscientious proficient communicator hiring recommendations experience jobs coordinator / estimator august 2012 to october 2014 - worked directly with payless manager s in assigned area s with store operation s pnl shrink store maintenance recruiting store staff member s and planning competitive analysis performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future payless growth. assisted in over 130 payless shoesource store opening s and relocation s to create 3 districts in the carolina s. selected by payless shoesource regional vp to utilize recruiting skill s and store development with the canadian international expansion team.promoted to store manager after months in the assistant manager position. supervised team of base office store staff and their development. devised a successful recruiting plan for new payless training supervisor s and store manager s. awarded top sales manager of the year . awarded best in people development drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status
__label__SALES sales career overview during sales career overview during the course of my career as an it professional i have developed a varied set of i.t. and business related skills. i hold expert knowledge in applying technology to business processes resulting in a more cost effective and efficient enterprise. my accomplishments as a major player in the successful pioneering and implementation of the paperless office in 33 local virginia agencies created a paradigm shift in the culture of how agencies currently do business. the experience of being a road warrior leading the day to day hands on training of the user afforded me a real life work experience and invaluable insight in user training needs challenges acceptance and buy-in. the knowledge i gained from the users resulted into successful problem solving change management and implementation outcomes of enterprise management systems. this kind of knowledge and experience cannot be gained in a classroom or from a white paper. i have a strong ability to quickly capture business rules policies procedures workflow issues functional requirements and resolve client and technical roadblocks hindering successful implementation. i maintain a reputation of improving the work environment via technology and delivering a solution that surpasses client expectations. strong analytical skills used
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern summary looking engineering intern summary looking for an opportunity as an engineer or related position which offers key participation team-oriented tasks immediate challenges and career opportunities in a reputed organization which will help me deliver my best and upgrade my skills in engineering and meet the demands of the organization. to utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best performance in the organization. i would like to implement my innovative ideas skills and creativity for accomplishing projects. skills know-your-consumer kyc statistical process control cost reduction and avoidance systems engineering systems engineering management software systems engineering quality control failure analysis tools of operations research ms office auto cad experience 06/2014 to 06/2014 engineering intern develop evaluate document and advance manufacturing methods and processes through lean techniques and kaizen events. analyse production layouts designing and implementing efficiency and quality improvement projects across production lines. collaborate with administrative and financial teams to establish viable support of safety standards. provide ongoing production support and troubleshooting. noticeable contribution prepared report on project status for management conceptual design as well as process development monitored production tables studied industry engineering specifications to obtain knowledge of production methods and techniques. directed workers involved in different operations
__label__FITNESS advocare distributor executive summary advocare distributor executive summary experienced energetic personal trainer and former college/professional athlete with over 20 years conducting group and one-on-one training sessions in large gyms as well as small fitness studios. specializing in strength and conditioning flexibility training fitness program design with advanced training in metabolic testing nutrition and weight management consulting. formal training in the health and fitness field of business development and leadership training. extensive sales and customer service experience. core qualifications fitness assessments customer-oriented understanding of body fat tables and bmi fitness equipment operation senior fitness programming weight management expert cpr and first aid certified excellent sales skills fitness equipment expertise fitness programming specialist operations management staff development inventory control policy/program development staff training supervision and training skilled negotiator sound judgment project management performance tracking and evaluation team building professional experience advocare distributor june 2012 to current generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs.answered customer questions regarding products prices and availability.generated new sales opportunities through direct and telephone selling and emails. asst. personal trainer manager july 2009 to may 2012 contributed to a 75 increase in sales for the personal
__label__HR hr director summary human hr director summary human resource professional confident resourceful human resources professional with academic background in human resources management and hands-on experience hiring training orientating and developing employees that currently serve in a one person role managing 63 employees for a fast growing organization. highlights analytical skills good interpersonal skills organizational skills communication skills recruiting and staffing performance management employee relations selection/recruiting employee orientation training development policy procedure writing detail organization staff supervision employee records system on-the-job training job analysis cold calling internet sourcing compensation labor laws labor policies equal employment opportunity interviewing discipline issues social networking recruitment advertising campus recruiting osha standards employee grievance employee verification screen/schedule candidates community outreach computer skills microsoft office word excel outlook powerpoint publisher health care is hris systems peoplesoft child care is day care software quickbooks data input accomplishments devised a successful recruiting plan for my employer which resulted in 25 new employees in 2-months. experience january 2014 to january 2015 hr director communicate orally and written with children parents staff volunteers guardians therapist case workers with a variety of economic backgrounds with clear and precise understanding withholding confidential or sensitive information with discretion. develop implement and monitor training programs suitable for employee retention.
__label__BANKING banking relationship specialist summary banking relationship specialist summary highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 7 years of client interface experience. dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. strong organizational skills customer service expert active listening skills adaptive team player courteous demeanor also seasoned in conflict resolution with an energetic work attitude. highlights creative problem solver types 45 wpm call center reliable excellent communication skills friendly approachable exceptional customer service accomplishments consistently achieved a 100 teller balancing average as well as balanced daily cash drawers and vaults totaling an average of 900 000 . experience banking relationship specialist jul 2005 to sep 2011 customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. customer service customer service inbound call center transfer calls to appropriate department when necessary researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. computed data reports provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. opened and closed personal and business checking saving
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology instructor summary information technology instructor summary seventeen years experience in the information technology field. seven years experience in curriculum design and computer based training development. group and project management experience for over twelve years. advanced problem solving skills and expertise. advanced customer service training and experience curriculum data analysis other curriculum design advanced data analysis student counseling learning analysis market analysis customer service training advanced planning training success evaluation team building articulation and development quantitative project analysis project management implementation qualitative project analysis advanced conflict resolution evaluation advanced user experience market driven planning expertise computer based training design data analysis highlights media design productivity other photoshop microsoft network management premier word novell console 1 illustrator excel microsoft networking indesign powerpoint cable wiring standards flash project machine hardware dreamweaver outlook windows os installation fireworks ilife repair soundbooth pages mac os installation repair quarkxpress numbers virtualization camtasia keynote parallells html coding imovie vmware desktop fusion php / database connection iphoto course management software experience information technology instructor ................................................................................................................... jan 2012 to current manage student learning needs. create curriculum for it program. manage two part time instructors. teach three classes of twenty-two students each class per day. manage open entry/open exit curriculum for all training
__label__HR territory hr manager executive territory hr manager executive profile territory human resource manager offering outstanding presentation communication and cross-cultural team management skills. high-energy results-oriented leader who ensures a fair diverse and engaged workforce. skill highlights human resources leadership employee relations certified strategic workforce planner employee development performance analysis coaching counseling leadership/communication skills advising and navigating crucial conversations employee engagement wage analysis legal compliance core accomplishments successfully leads all human resource/employee relations functions for a 14 territory with 250 stores 25 000 non-exempt employees peak and 750 exempt employees. improved employee engagement for the territory from 77 in 2013 to 85 in 2016. significantly reduced risk liability and loss to the through business partnerships and providing internal solutions to employee relations issues. lead the industry in lowest eeoc charges along with being the lowest territory in the company. effectively trained and developed leaders at all levels to effectively navigate through difficult employee relations issues. leads the in the highest training compliance. professional experience territory hr manager oct 2010 to current serves as an advisor for managers on issues related to all discipline. assists in analyzing barriers to performance and devises a strategy to meet challenges regarding performance expectations. counsels staff and management to consistently and
__label__ADVOCATE victim advocate professional summary victim advocate professional summary social worker with more that five years of experience as multicultural victim advocate and exceptional people skills. versed in advocacy and case management . desires a challenging role as hr generalist. strategic planning and client relationship management expert. experience in counseling individuals of various ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds including latinos and immigrants from various countries. core qualifications case management interpersonal skill crisis intervention client relations databases decision making adaptable self motivated creative problem solving bilingual translation and interpretation spanish and english legal navigation public speaking team player computer proficient file/records maintenance organizational skills experience february 2015 to march 2017 victim advocate april 2014 to march 2015 multicultural advocate conducted a support group for victims of domestic violence. trained other professionals in multiculturalism immigration and how to better served the latino community. connected clients with community service and resource agencies. provided comprehensive case management services including creating personalized safety plans assistance with court filings crisis intervention education on victim s rights victim s compensation navigation of the justice system accompaniment to court and connecting victim s families with appropriate resources in the community. interpretation and translation in court. june 2013 to february 2014 intern entered numerical data
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant professional summary it consultant professional summary support engineer with public trust clearance and 10 years of information technology experience in installing maintaining and repairing hardware software and networks. work well independently or in a group setting providing all facets of server computer and network support. fluent in spanish. core qualifications technical hardware windows macintosh ibm dell toshiba sony hp cisco routers switches network printers operating systems and networks windows 8.1 windows 8 windows 7 vista windows xp 2000 98 windows server 2008 2003 linux tcp/ip dns dhcp ftp vpn os x lion and mavericks applications /software tools microsoft office 2010 2007 2003 visio adobe acrobat photoshop lotus notes symantec ghost symantec pc anywhere dameware mcafee antivirus imagex trend putty webex westlaw parallels desktop microsoft virtual server 2005 vm infrastructure client juniper cisco vpn medical applications casetrakker eclinicalworks databases access and mysql ticketing systems service manager remedy heat altiris jira experience september 2014 to november 2014 it consultant developed plan for network management platform for release software upgrades for sevone customers to include procedures and scripts for backup high availability continuity of polling during upgrade and data stitching upon completion. backed up data restored solutions and data migrations for hardware refresh cluster migrations
__label__APPAREL coordinator career overview committed coordinator career overview committed and detail-oriented administrative professional with exceptional customer service and problem solving skills. organized and energetic team player with a strong work ethic. skill highlights microsoft word excel microsoft power point outlook spreadsheet development employee training and development coordination deadline-oriented creative problem solving ims connexis proficient core accomplishments verizon wireless winner s circle for exceeding yearly quotas 2005 2006 administrative office of the courts georgia grant recipient 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 criminal justice coordinating council of georgia grant recipient 2013 2014 2015 professional experience july 2003 to current coordinator hire train and supervise all interns part-time and contracted employees responsible for allocation acquisition and budgeting of monies through grant writing and invoicing daily communication with superior court judge/staff regarding compliance matters court calendars updates/changes in status grant information and treatment provider standards review and present treatment provider contract to superior court judge and board of commissioners review and present the department of behavioral health and developmental disabilities dbhdd contracts to board of commissioners and submit all qualifications license and insurance information of treatment providers evaluate program through data reporting grant writing and other documentation and submit findings with recommendations to the administrative office of the
__label__APPAREL franchise owner career focus franchise owner career focus experienced professional with skills in product development customer service relations department operations and organizational structure development. extensive knowledge in hiring training development and team building/leadership in multiple areas specifically consumer insights trend analysis field research and product research. summary of skills business management development strategic tactical planning cost control analysis quickbooks weekly payroll team building leadership new business set up personnel recruiting training opportunity identification process improvement creation relevant experience - expertise in development and execution of marketing strategies - experienced in social media and digital marketing - proven competency in brand creation and service offerings - solid reputation for fiscal responsibility and budget management - well versed in payroll management procedures - excellent ability to prioritize and effectively complete multiple tasks - great communicator with strong interpersonal skills professional experience 10/2006 to 11/2016 franchise owner developed and directed all pre-opening marketing activities of the business ensuring brand recognition in the territory and a successful store launch. researched market competitors and industry trends to identify potential new products and services. developed and implemented yearly marketing strategies including social media print tv and digital advertising. formulated a comprehensive business plan complete with clear and actionable sales goals
__label__ENGINEERING engineering supervisor skills plc engineering supervisor skills plc iec 61131 ladder logic functional block diagram structured text instruction list. java c visual basic vhdl pspice assembly intel motorola ti labview. software packages autocad inventor matlab microsoft office psim easy power xilinx ise printed circuit board cad protel siemens step 7 wago codesys allen bradley rslogix erp alliance global shop xa sap . professional experience engineering supervisor december 2014 to current - leading and supervising engineering staff members as they perform their tasks and participating in budgeting scheduling and staff management. establishing design standards specifications criteria scheduling and resource-management for products and projects. working closely with product line management to serve clients aftermarket needs. recommending and implementing improvements to engineering processes methods and controls conferring with management production and other departments regarding manufacturing capabilities production schedules and other considerations to maximize efficiencies. electrical design engineer may 2011 to december 2014 - identifying products within line of variable frequency drives switchboards generator control cabinets and plc based control consoles having potential for improvement. developing new products used in power systems product-line. composing documents outlining the projects design verification and validation process in accordance with api standards. modeling the new/improved products using computer simulation tools in order
__label__HR hr generalist professional summary hr generalist professional summary 9 years of experience in human resources benefit administration employees relations recruitment and on-boarding training and development payroll administration 11 years experience customer relations 18 years experience and retail management 9 years experience . i have developed workplace policies and procedures as well as implementation and training on these policies and procedures. i have developed training programs on a variety of different topics from recruitment and on-boarding to sexual harassment. i have demonstrated skills in solving problems leading teams and managing staff. proficient in payroll administration policies and procedures able to analyze interpret and implement relevant laws and regulations. strong work ethic ability to forge working relationships and foster a level of trust among employees while maintaining neutrality and confidentiality within the workplace. able to manage office workload prepare correspondence maintain records and coordinate events. i have excellent interpersonal and verbal communication skills and i am able to lead change and build trust. core qualifications benefits administration 10+ years employee relations 10+ years human resources 9 years payroll 9 years training development 10+ years recruitment 5 years links http //beknown.com/kelly-simard https //www.linkedin.com/pub/kelly-simard/2b/523/3 intermediate knowledge of most microsoft office programs word outlook excel and powerpoint prezi tableau.
__label__CHEF food prep chef skills food prep chef skills highly skilled in cooking and preparing a variety of cuisines inborn ability to explore new cooking avenues thorough understanding of sanitation needs of the kitchen operate kitchen equipment such as ovens and grills for cooking purposes maintain knowledge of all recipes so that the head chef s place can be filled in effectively in case of absenteeism summary exceptional culinary insight. knowledge of standard food preparation ability to work in a high volume environment chef in preparing exceptional meals motivated food serving professional with 5+ years food and beverage experience in casual and fine dining. highlights kitchen productivity basic knife skills uses proper sanitation practices able to regularly lift/move up to 25-50 lbs preparation of various food items good personal hygiene team-oriented well groomed high level of cleanly kitchen maintenance team-oriented sandwich preparation experience knowledge of basic food preparation food handling knowledge italian cuisine american cuisine ethnic foods preparation plate presentation skills banquet operations and off-site catering expert accomplishments serve safe 2015 seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience. ensured consistent high quality of plate presentation. maintained contact with kitchen staff management serving staff and customers. baked roasted broiled and steamed
__label__ADVOCATE hr - shared services hr - shared services supervisor summary detail-oriented human resources professional who excels under tight deadlines while anticipating and averting potential problems by proactively streamlining processes. highlights professionals in human resources association excellent interpersonal and coaching skills talent assessments motivated hiring recommendations background checks experience hr - shared services supervisor 01/2014 provides leadership development and performance management to a direct team of associates focused on meeting call center operational metrics and quality standards. engaged in strategic planning to identify milestones and targets to deliver results for performance metrics assessed team from a situational leadership perspective and built customized development plans to enhance areas of strength and close performance gaps to enhance the overall performance of the department partnered with associates to create and execute development plans to improve performance and meet career pathing objectives interviewed candidates and make hiring decisions of quality associates to staff the department to full capacity responsible for providing analytical technical proficiency product knowledge for all advocate h.r. processes and procedures. operations manager 01/2013 to 01/2014 accomplishing s objectives by overseeing center-wide recruiting selecting training assigning scheduling coaching counseling monitoring appraising and disciplining employees communicating job expectations reviewing job contributions planning and reviewing compensation actions and enforcing
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary health consultant professional summary health care administrative assistant with 3 years of experience experience in the health field for 5+ years allocated monthly budget of 1000 for muslim students association s planned activities organized fundraising events with the supervision of the event coordinator at wing s program skills skilled in microsoft office suite adobe premier suite sql database and sas planning and development strategic decision making fluent in english and urdu functional in spanish data management excellent communication skills time management conflict resolution work history health revenue specialist 02/2019 to current developed work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines. devised strategies to improve organization efficiency and optimize group management. kept detailed records of project progress discrepancies and other funding. understood fee schedule and terms for all contracts which invoices are submitted. verifies drugs and services are properly authorized and proper documentation is on file. assists training new team members and providing input for the team. communication with team members intake pharmacy insurances and management. analyzing trends to solve complex issues. administrative assistant 10/2017 to 12/2018 perform clerical tasks such as answering phone calls filling paperwork delivering films and faxing documents to insurers and other healthcare providers. communicated with patients visitors
__label__ACCOUNTANT project accountant summary quality-focused project accountant summary quality-focused accounting professional with over 15 years processing invoices managing vendors and auditing expense reports. a strong desire and ability to maximize profits and control costs with respect to maintaining effective internal controls related to accounts payable. knowledge and experienced in aia billings nevada prelien law nevada contract law union payroll and laws. highlights skillstimberline accounting software foundation accounting software spectrum jd edwards ebuilder microsoft office applications general ledger accounting aptitude strong communication skills effective time management accounts receivable professional 10 key by touch knowledge of sage expert in customer relations complex problem solving experience project accountant mar 2015 to current - verified details of transactions including tenant allowance requests and lease verification. coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.coordinated approval processes of all accounts payable invoices including tenant allowance requests and commission payments.conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances. office administrator jul 2013 to dec 2014 - responsible for office management including new hires/rehires. responsible for processing invoices and creating purchase orders for approval. assisting with union payroll processing. responsible for running financial reports for management review. staff accountant dec 2011 to jan 2013 - responsible for all accounts payable using foundation
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development director experience business development director experience business development director january 2010 to current leads vision strategy and execution for all facets of operations and business development at a 45mm automotive dealership with accountability for the success of 52 employees. credited with improving the effectiveness of the business through strong leadership and the hiring of personnel with talent and experience in customer service finance and business development yielding increases in profit and lower costs. implemented formal daily training and professional development on sales and service principles that improved the accuracy and focus of sales efforts while building leadership capabilities in managers driving revenue growth 25 . maintains a daily inventory of 7.5mm in new vehicles and 1.4mm in used vehicles. championed the adoption of dealersocket as the s crm tool empowering 100 of the sales force to manage the pipeline of leads and opportunities while documenting engagements with clients and prospects directly impacting sales revenue increase of over 1mm. sales manager january 2004 to january 2010 launched a website and adopted secondary financing and other relationships to spark online lead generation additionally expanded the dealerships marketing strategies to include digital elements that included seo sem youtube advertising and google adwords while increasing the
__label__CHEF food preparation workers/grill chef food preparation workers/grill chef summary outgoing gourmet chef offering extensive knowledge of hospitality etiquette food preparation and superior customer service. restaurant professional with 21 years in foh and boh operations. customer service and food handling expertise. skilled at memorizing menu items and orders. highlights team building and project management cross functional team leadership proficient in food preparation and cooking crew leader team player gourmet chef pastry chef gourmet cuisines baker proficient in food preparation and cooking food service sous chef pastry chef line cook prep executive chef sous chef pastry cook hospitality culinary management 9 years 6 months menu developement 7 years 9 months restaurant management/food service 10 years 9 months grill cook deep fryer beverage designer food beverage service restaurant management/hospitality prep cook and serving on line microsoft word and excel/ general business mcp microsoft windows 2000 certified professional business and professional hospitality tourisim culinary arts team building and project management cross functional team leadership text additionalinfo beknown terms of service - privacy policy - security - feedback highly responsible and reliable works well under pressure extensive hospitality background safe-serv food and beverage specialist serv-safe food safety understanding food handlers card accomplishments june 2010 top of my class in
__label__ARTS certified custom framer qualifications certified custom framer qualifications ability to multitask. certified in custom framing. motivated to meet every deadline. excellent communication skills problem solver experience certified custom framer 01/2015 to current providing great customer service in helping each customer pick design that best fits their needs. managing time to meet deadlines. helping out on the floor or at register when needed. training new associates in the frame shop. sales associate 09/2014 to 11/2014 delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. filled in positions when understaffed or a task needed to be completed. assisted manager in closing down store and cash registers at the end of each night. visual merchandising through setting planograms and detailed recovery. stocked inventory when shipments were received. learned how to work with a team to accomplish greater tasks. education high school diploma 2014 trinity high school united states 4.3 gpa graduated with honors business manager on yearbook staff
__label__ADVOCATE phlebotomist professional summary reliable phlebotomist professional summary reliable and highly accurate phlebotomist preceptor focused on quality completion of all lab procedures under tight deadlines. works well under pressure. skills phlebotomy knowledge hippa compliance data and statistical analysis blood bank background clia osha compliance sharp critical thinker manual dexterity lab testing and reporting lab equipment maintenance trained in hippa compliance work history phlebotomist 04/2013 to current performs aseptic venipuncture procedures to obtain venous and capillary blood samples for analysis in order to obtain data which may be used in diagnosis monitoring and treatment of disease. performs a variety of secretarial receptionist and clerical duties to provide support. perform microbiology duties rapid strep hcg rsv s mono screening test. responsible for receiving inspecting storing and transferring clinical specimens. work on-call as assigned and maintain the integrity of lab samples as per policy. prepared specimens for analysis and established proper chronological priorities in testing. quickly responded to and resolved all customer service issues in a timely manner. managed specimen sample handling receiving storage and inventory. phlebotomist 01/2011 to 03/2013 responsible for accurately obtaining blood samples via venipuncture and capillary collection procedures with minimum customer discomfort. perform blood collections during morning rounds and in outpatient setting as well
__label__FINANCE vp of finance executive vp of finance executive profile ambitious chief executive officer who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights small business development project management leadership/communication skills self-motivated product development product line expansion business operations organization business operations organization core accomplishments increased sales by number by rolling out a revamped social media marketing initiative. increased annual revenue from amount to amount in just number years. grew business from number employees to number employees in number years. garnered more than number excellent performance reviews and testimonials from clients. professional experience vp of finance 01/2014 to current direct the accounting finance and administrative functions of this newly formed hospitality management currently overseeing 8 hotels. delegate with all aspect of monthly forecasting and budget planning for 16m in annual revenues facilitate tax credits other related incentives for new hotel development with mixed-use developers assist president of the to build a experienced hospitality executive team to further relationship with exclusive brands such as hilton marriott and starwood hotels establish new relationships with experienced personnel for efficiency to increase revenue by 20 per hotel propose
__label__HR hr assistant highlights interviewing hr assistant highlights interviewing expertise employee relations manager coaching and training event management employee handbook development staffing and recruiting professional off-boarding accomplishments organized hr generalist effective at record maintenance and assuring compliance with government employment regulations at all times. personable hr generalist versed in recruiting top employees to automotive companies and innovative start-ups. experience with public speaking on college campuses to attract new talent. experience hr assistant september 2015 to current advise managers on organizational policy matters andrecommend needed changes. conduct new employee orientatio to foster positive attitudes toward organizational objectives. identify staff vacancies and recruite interview and select aplicants. serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions interpreting and administering contracts and help resolve work-related problems. address inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues. created and implimented the exit interview program process. advise top management on apropriate employee corrective actions. create and modify job discriptions within all departments. work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent hr policies and procedures. work with hr advisors and hr representatives on establishing consistent hiring practices. create and manage more than 100 confidential personnel records. facilitate monthly meetings to develpo strategies that will
__label__FINANCE senior manager -national sales senior manager -national sales finance executive profile ambitious job title who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights skills office software ms word excel powerpoint access systems solar business objects pc links general ledger fci fc links fec core sam professional experience senior manager -national sales finance april 2005 to current manage consulting services group money manager reconciliations. control national sales revenue expense accruals and deferral. manage litigation reserves and legal accruals. supervise month end close balance sheet reconciliations variance analysis and audit requests. coordination of projects and production issues with fa compensation information technology organization implementation of new product within fa compensation dept. redefined improved sox controls and implemented self assessment of these controls administer all fa compensation security entitlements manage financial advisor trainee compensation managed team of 3 of professionals. vice president-wealth management controllers january 2010 to current strengthened s controls by managing the implementation of introducing broker to single broker dealer. senior fc compensation specialist october 1997 to march 2005 review amortization entries processed for special compensation deferred compensation programs balance sheet review and
__label__APPAREL internal audit manager summary internal audit manager summary dedicated auditing professional with the accomplished ability to work independently and as a team member to successfully achieve project goals and objectives. highlights information system audit and control association isaca sarbanes-oxley project risk and controls business process review the institute of internal auditors iia risk management expertise strong client engagement experience internal audit manager 08/2012 to current effectively executed complex post-acquisition audits for software as a service saas acquisitions including planning developing targeted audit scope and delivering impactful and timely audit reports. responsible for assessing the audit universe auditable entities and risk environment for internal clients to align with the annual audit plan. liaised with senior leadership to help identify upcoming market trends and manage emerging risk. responsible for planning delivering and managing internal audit for consumer services healthcare and automotive business units greater than 50 of na revenue partnered with stakeholders to discuss the accuracy and impact of audit findings identify root cause and collaboratively develop timely remediation action plans. revamped the legacy internal audit report and scope document template to include qualitative and quantitative content. manager of internal audit 08/2011 to 08/2012 led the the business risk assessment with internal clients to develop the
__label__AVIATION international certification program management international certification program management profile i am an experienced professional with 14 years of aviation aerospace with expertise in international governmental liaison aircraft certification regulatory compliance aircraft sales and import/export compliance. as a professional pilot with over 800 hours of total time multi-tasking problem solving and risk management are a foundation of my career. skills substantial knowledge of all microsoft windows operating systems and ms office nx7.5 unigraphics teamcenter. moderate knowledge of computer networking including lan wlan. domestic international regulatory compliance aircraft import/export experience strong management complex problem solving skills 3d modeling accident investigation root cause analysis accomplishments accomplishments achieved first of type design approval into brazil china malaysia indonesia south africa new zealand and argentina. obtained type design major change approvals in easa canada maldives brazil exempt/non-exempt india and russia. developed managed a revenue stream for foreign validations reducing budgetary restraints by 50 . assisted in the development and publication of pilot s operating handbook / aircraft flight manuals and country specific poh/afm supplements. managed and directed external design engineering contracts programs and implemented in house review and approval processes utilizing nx7.5 unigraphics 3d modeling. professional experience international certification program management 07/2010 to current demonstrated experience in all aspect
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY administrative assistant director human administrative assistant director human resources manager production manager engineering manager summary dedicated and focused administrative assistant who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. highlights microsoft office proficiency kronos internet software microsoft word/powerpoint/excel office management microsoft access organizing meetings/materials preparation lotusnotes microsoft outlook email planning and facilitating large events sap managing confidential records peoplesoft employee benefits counseling registrar arranging domestic/international travel oral and written communication sap site security skilled proofreader training and instruction excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed professional and mature strong problem solver resourceful business writing dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills understands grammar meeting planning report writing report development schedule management self-starter executive presentation development accomplishments experience administrative assistant director human resources manager production manager engineering manager technical services manager and information technology manager january 2012 to january 2015 provided administrative support to production departments it and human resources. using proprietary software interfaced with sap created purchase requisitions work orders and goods receipts. established and maintained complete files and records. composed and typed reports and correspondence. established and maintained personnel files. responded to inquiries from employees. generated travel and expense reports. generated and maintained confidential employee personnel files.
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile over consultant executive profile over 5 years experience in the marijuana industry. managing and assisting in building up a marijuana business to a multi million dollar multi operation. solid management experience and strong knowledge in operations of dispensary retail opc grow and mip manufacturing . co industry key badge since 8/2011 m03625 skill highlights personal and professional integrity extensive knowledge of marijuana staff management and hr experience strains marijuana products staff training and development extensive knowledge of extracting and experience concentrates especially co2 payroll experience extracting operations management experience experience operating co2 extraction dispensary grow mip equipment compliance licensing knowledge and metrc and mjfreeway experience all experience facilities dispensary grow mip marketing skills and experience quickbooks and excel experience core accomplishments options medical center and boulder organic food group pam michon 720 308 5282 bookkeeper/ cfo options medical center and boulder organic food group dave charnick 720 985 3176 professional industry consultant tyrone krantz 720 216 4714 territory manager hemp temp. professional experience consultant feb 2015 to current independent industry operations consultant with private groups. general manager apr 2014 to jan 2015 managing operations for mip manufacturing production grow hiring scheduling training employees processing payroll assisting in setting up new high
__label__APPAREL director of engineering executive director of engineering executive profile proactive engineer with years of experience and management skills in operation management and industrial engineering with a passion to increase operational performance and improving customer s satisfaction. with responsibility that have crossed all levels of managerial responsibilities including but not exclusive ohsa epa and logistic requirements inventory and wip control budgetary generation which increases my abilities to be proactive in ensuring customer satisfaction. with managerial responsibilities in managing plant operation engineering departments and developing diverse team members to achieve success. i recently achieved my masters in business administration and presently working on my six-sigma certification which provides me additional skills to pursue my passion. i am an individual with extensive experience in the operational and managerial elements it takes to optimizing a production operation while control cost and its relationship to financial effect on the organization. striving to improve operational methodology and operational sequences to reduce product cost. studying operational ergonomics in efforts to eliminate or control worked relate injuries business operation and project management in all aspect of an industrial operation. my experience also includes inventory control methods such as jit as well as lean manufacturing practices that are required to develop an effective
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary certified consultant professional summary certified nursing assistant with experience serving chronically ill patients including assisting with daily living activities and household tasks. patient and highly compassionate. licenses new york department of health nursing home nurse aide certification program original certification date 5/18/2005 current expiration date 1/31/14 certification # 342285200505e skill highlights understands mobility assistance needs charting expertise reliable transportation trained in grooming and bathing assistance calm and level-headed under duress medical terminology knowledge professional experience consultant march 2015 - provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology. managed quality communication customer support and product representation for each client. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. cna august 2007 to july 2013 - observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the nurse. completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines. collected urine and fecal samples. assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake. provided transportation
__label__APPAREL vice president/owner summary a vice president/owner summary a self-motivated professional highly proficient in developing creative solutions and implementing objective decision making. maintains positive attitude and works hard to build team relationships. senior loan officer offering collections debt consolidation and customer service experience. computer-savvy professional and detail-oriented.organized senior loan officer who effectively identifies and resolves complex financial issues.thrives in fast-paced and ever-changing business environments. highlights customer service-focused sales expertise collections proficiency debt and credit management excellent time management energetic safe act of 2008 certification financial planning expert steward of institutional regulatory compliance knowledge of va fha conventional and usda loan processes reliable excellent communicator accomplishments received usda million dollar producer for the east tennessee region for several years. my also provided home ownership guidance on site for local factories to help their employees understand the homeownership basics and to get them motivated toward homeownership. experience vice president/owner september 2002 - license no. 186260 responsibilities included but were not limited to meeting with clients loan applications reviewing loan applications to see if they met the criteria for approval determining the best loan product for the customer preparing all loan documents for customers signature processing the customers loan file. verifications of employment and verifications of deposit getting
__label__APPAREL cfo assistant/executive administrator/hr manager/cs cfo assistant/executive administrator/hr manager/cs professional summary to apply myself in a new and challenging position with a progressive organization for long-term employment. organized deadline-oriented great attention to detail and work well under pressure. i have the ability to multi-task work in a fast-paced environment and do whatever it takes to get the job done while maintaining a high level of professionalism. having served as a point person for executive teams senior management and sales teams make me an asset to any company. core qualifications ms outlook word excel powerpoint quickbooks pro mas90 sage200 as400 adp payroll software pc charge software postal equipment earthlink hosting 401k a. funds program skilled in adobe acrobat adobe illustrator photoshop knowledgeable in database programs such as act access and crystal reports mas90 extensive professional experience in client relations experience cfo assistant/executive administrator/hr manager/cs june 2007 to current assisted cfo with quarterly year-end financial reports profits loss on projects a/p a/r credit collections invoicing billing for rle nei sales reports bank r cash receipts credit card checks supported rle c- level nei industries inc. superintendent maintain all insurance requirements including certificate of insurances auto property coverage worker s compensation and bonds. handled all dmv documentation for
__label__FINANCE finance business partner summary finance business partner summary finance business partner adept at effectively managing financial needs of various corporate functions including auditing and providing analytics of periodic performance results. areas of expertise include budgeting forecasting allocations cost reductions project management and fostering client relationships. highlights strategic and financial planning expert sox compliance oracle erp enterprise resource planning and hyperion planning software financial planning and forecasting data analysis customer relations data trending and projections accomplishments increased cost-effectiveness by xx through compliance enforcement and implementation of a rigorous quality control system. experience finance business partner november 2009 to current responsible for financial planning of 5 - 6 corporate functions center of excellence including budgeting forecasting variance analysis reporting with relevant analytics. monthly financial review and recommend cost management. responsible for completing financial and business reviews of various hertz operations including the following sarbanes oxley sox na treasury and financial operations - evaluated control effectiveness over treasury operations cash management and financial operations investments debt leveraging and derivative transactions . coordinated reviews with pricewaterhousecoopers pwc to ensure accurate financial reporting. herc fleet operations - evaluated the efficiency and adequacy of internal controls over herc fleet operations depreciation equipment disposal maintenance product support and warranty within the
__label__CHEF executive chef executive profile executive chef executive profile an executive chef offering outstanding presentation communication and cross-cultural team management skills. high-energy results-oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. skill highlights brand development butchery cost control farmer relationships mentor and development of culinary talent recipe research and development ingredient procurement core accomplishments launched over 5 hotel/resort openings or re-development concepts 2015 food network beat bobby flay winner 2013- developed hotels first vegetable urban garden system 2013- developed hotels first apiary for honey bees 2013 member on marriott food beverage council southwest 2012 leader of the year renaissance phoenix downtown hotel 2006 winner of the marriott international rising star chef award 2006 winner of arizona young chef de rottisuer competition 2006 2nd place at the west coast young chef de rottisuer competition 2005 2006 2010 marriott stock award for special achievement 2005 nominated rising star chef for marriott international guest chef of holland america 2004-2015 professional experience executive chef aug 2014 to apr 2015 - responsible for new opening hotel assisted in development of all f b concepts in this boutique hotel. hire and train all culinary associates create all recipes and plate costing. build culinary pr for the new property operate pnl statements to align with
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY as information technology project as information technology project manager summary summary skilled it professional with 7 years of proven success in developing and leading cross-functional technical teams to execute and deliver major technology initiatives using the agile methodology and scaled agile framework safe . well-versed in managing projects with co-located and off-site teams. expertise in gathering and translating requirements leading scrum teams and release management including owning the release management lifecycle for multiple applications across different environments. skills agile methodology project management safe program increment pi planning scrum / kanban / scrumban aptitude for resolving challenging problems client relations team building release management scrum master / business analyst atlassian suite jira confluence trello public trust clearance level 4 agile approach budget business analyst concept client client relations features functional team building managing meetings procurement project management project plans real-time risk-assessment scada supervisory control and data acquisition fluent in spanish upgrade experience information technology project manager 03/2019 - current support design-build supervisory control and data acquisition scada upgrade project using project management expertise. identify and implement technology tools to facilitate resource planning for multiple projects identify interdivisional dependencies encourage real-time team collaboration and develop streamlined workflows to expedite project submittal reviews. introduced the concept of
__label__TEACHER pre-service teacher summary seeking pre-service teacher summary seeking a middle grades math or science teaching position where i can contribute my creativity classroom management and instructional skills. education and training bachelor of science middle grades education science concentration may 2017 north carolina university gpa-3.0 associate of arts may 2014 caldwell community college and technical institute gpa-3.45 experience pre-service teacher 03/2017 to 04/2017 independently taught a 7th grade science study hall class constructed lesson plans observed and taught 7th and 8th grade biology implemented technology and hands on learning activities in the classroom made modifications and accommodations for esl learners helped instructors construct lessons that align with 21st century science education pre-service teacher 01/2017 to 03/2017 observed assisted and taught in a 7th grade science classroom planned and prepared daily lessons a week in advance of teaching them modified instruction and assessments to fit learners needs attended 7th grade team meetings staff professional development and parent conferences sports supervisor 02/2016 to 03/2017 checked in officials and participants upon arrival to their designated sport cleaned facilities gave first aid help and was cpr certified if that was needed set up fields/facilities before games clothing specialist/cashier 07/2013 to 08/2014 provided customer service maintained a tidy workspace ensured
__label__HEALTHCARE national administrator population health national administrator population health and associate director visit clinical practice education maters certificate in lean six sigma healthcare 2015 villanova university mph masters of public health health care administration 2012 west chester university m.d. medicine 2001 saint petersburg medical academy russia executive profile healthcare executive with 16+ years of progressive experience in acute and post-acute care settings. experienced in clinical operations process improvement quality population health management clinical integration business development and marketing strategy in for-profit and nonprofit health systems. exceptionally strong in design and development of value based solutions and collaborative approaches in health care delivery with physicians health systems and related organizations. professional experience national administrator population health and associate director visit clinical practice 03/2014 to current a home health with net revenue of 1 billion and 300 service offices in 22 states responsible for design and implementation of population health initiatives in 100 service offices nationwide. promote cross-continuum collaboration with physician practices major health systems payors accountable care and community organizations. report to division director visit clinical practice. designed and implemented hf initiative in 100 offices which led to 16.9 decrease in rehospitalizations 6 -16.9 improvements in star outcomes 21 decrease in utilization of services and 5.2
__label__ARTS ep high school english ep high school english and language arts teacher professional summary licensed english teacher and k-12 school administrator experienced in designing and implementing programs and developing curriculum to help students achieve academic goals and prepare for career interests. skilled in creating flexible programming and specialized learning experiences that embody mission vision and strategic direction of educational institution. skills student records management differentiated instruction classroom management group and individual instruction conflict resolution techniques lesson planning analytical skills flexible adaptable supervision interpersonal communication work history 08/2018 to current high school english and language arts teacher continually improve instruction to ensure academic growth. collaborate with faculty and community members to improve education and provide opportunities for students. record and monitor student progress using multiple methods. effectively communicate with administration parents and students about student achievement. collaboration with a mentor teacher. prepare and implement lesson plans covering required course topics. administer assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress. built learning and citizenship skills to help with personal growth in addition to increasing academic knowledge. plan dynamic lessons to increase student comprehension of books and literary concepts. adapt lesson plans and curricula to student interests increasing gpas and student engagement. complete in-service and additional training
__label__DESIGNER technical designer summary special technical designer summary special qualifications textile engineering knitting and garment manufacturing textile printing and finishing yarn and fabric dyeing spinning and weaving textile construction and embroidery textile testing highlights cad photoshop illustrator and accutrac technical packets garment construction and fit computerized and manual pattern making garment embellishment draping and sewing fashion illustrations manual and computerized merchandise line development trend color analysis understanding of target customer/markets experience technical designer 01/2015 to current created 65 complete development and production technical packages including spec sheets in 1 week. developed a pattern with grade rules for production of sample garments with accuracy. coordinated 8 different manufacturing tasks that led to over 30 000 unites of production. supervised the creation of garments including fitting detailing and adaptations. sourced selected and bought fabrics trims fastenings and embellishments. approved quality for all trims creates fit comments for production and communicates fit corrections to overseas in timely manner. notified factories of construction quality issues and provides recommendations on corrections negotiated with customers and suppliers and oversee production. provided input to design and sourcing teams regarding cost engineering. collaborated with designer a merchandiser manager and business partner to ensure the desired product is achieved while retaining production schedule. saved
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant experience senior senior accountant experience senior accountant 01/2019 to current work with business clients on preparation of payroll tax returns income tax returns. perform monthly bank reconciliations credit card statement reconciliations. meet with new clients to discuss their needs and build a proposal for our services. set up tax accounts with proper and federal agencies. process payroll for clients including depositing of 941 taxes. file sales tax returns. respond to client requests in a timely manner. prepare financial statements and financial packages for clients. work with banking officers to help clients secure funding. work with clients to prepare annual budgets. daily accounting and bookkeeping needs in quickbooks. serve as lead accountant for a wide variety of businesses. set up loans and ensure proper amortization for tax benefits. balance sheet reconciliations. trial balance reconciliations. file quarterly payroll returns. senior accountant/financial analyst 06/2017 to 01/2019 maintained financial statements and reporting in quickbooks for 6 different entities responsible for full accounting cycle work on a monthly basis made gl entries and adjustments to reflect daily activity of 6 different finance companies insured the accuracy and integrity of financial statements audited cash and credit card payments in bank account against cash and credit card receipts audited
__label__BANKING karla lee summary results-focused karla lee summary results-focused people advocate with vast experience in wealth management and deposit financial services. targets growth through nurturing exemplary teams and focusing on a format of listening to our clients for best outcomes. proactive leader experienced in deep internal and external partnerships for best client outcome. skills industry partnership development team building recruiting and hiring process improvement operations oversight executive leadership problem resolution relationship building data management experience regional director of banking and wealth mar 2018 to dec 2020 responsible for overall growth performance of strategic marketplace. encouraged work environment conducive to development of high performing distinct teams by inspiring innovation and excellence in all crm/customer engagement deliverables. outcome had 3 diverse direct reports promoted to managing director roles in 2 years. revitalized client engagement routines to include cultural/geographic relevance. engaged ny based portfolio managers and analysts to host clients on rotating schedule outcome advisor acumen and loyalty to the firm increased significantly turnover decreased by 50 client retention and share of wallet increased. aum grew by client added investments and referrals. the bay area had the highest deposit market share gain in the country in 2019 in excess of 10b 2nd highest aum growth 3 consecutive years
__label__FITNESS group fitness instructor executive group fitness instructor executive summary to obtain a position as an experienced training and development professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. core qualifications team building team leadership communication skills planning organizational skills professional experience group fitness instructor march 2014 to april 2014 an 8 week course getting trained in fitness classes to instruct group exercises for the on campus gym. assistant november 2011 to june 2013 an assistant june 2011 to june 2011 at an after school program called alphabest. provided children from the grades k-5 a safe and friendly place to be after school hours. introduced fun and exciting new ways to learn outside of the classroom with student centers and interactive activities. mentored inner children in new york providing them with love and attention. served with my sisters in a christian sorority serving texas tech and our community in lubbock tx. education 06/2012 centennial high school gpa gpa 3.98 full time student and athlete all four years. gpa 3.98 5/2013 collin college full time student taking my basic courses. texas tech languages speak and read basic spanish skills basic coach human resource leadership read spanish teaching time management
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist summary information technology specialist summary an organized dba professional with over 6years hands-on experience supporting oracle databases sql server databases and aws infrastructure. equipped with excellent communication and interpersonal skills a highly organized individual and team player who possesses strong analytical and problem solving skills and is who is committed in delivering quality services to customers/clients. experience information technology specialist 03/2018 to current primary responsibilities include production support installation and configuration migration backup and recovery performance tuning cloning security upgrades and patches. planned installed and upgraded multiple oracle databases from 11.2.0.4 to 12.2.0. added targets to oem 13c and used oem 13c to monitored databases. created rules security profiles using oem 13c. performed hot/cold backup recovery and cloning of databases using rman planned and implemented backup strategies used rman and crontab to schedule backup. installed and upgraded databases from mysql 5.6 to 5.7 and implemented mysqld multi for better performance. migrated databases from on-premise to aws using database migration services. launched and maintained rds and ec2 instances in aws. created snapshots elastic ips ebs volumes security groups per clients/costumers request. performed cross region replication with s3. created security groups to manage inbound and outbound rules. database administrator 12/2014 to current troubleshot
__label__CHEF chef summary experienced catering chef summary experienced catering chef skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. knowledge of international cuisine. seeking a position at a restaurant where i can call it home highlights experience 05/2009 to current chef manage daily kitchen operations including inventory purchasing and scheduling ensure proper food handling methods are observed assist kitchen staff in producing food for catering systematically control food quality and costs develop new menu items to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals. 06/2000 to 05/2009 catering chef effectively managed and produced food for catered events enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality conducted daily inventory and ordering assisted catering staff in setup and delivery managed catering schedule and logistics. 01/1990 to 06/2000 line cook set up and prep work for all food items. prepared various daily lunch special items. assisted in producing food for catered events. conducted daily food inventory and ordering. languages skills delivery detail oriented english inventory inventory management logistics producing purchasing quality retail scheduling spanish work-flow
__label__HR hr coordinator summary from hr coordinator summary from my first job as a retail salesperson i had a passion for leadership and the development of others. as a human resources professional i have had the privilege of working with new staff members to help them be successful in the organization. my human resources experience is comprised of generalist responsibilities where i have been able to contribute to the betterment of the organization and play a key role in increasing retention for my employer. highlights hr policies and procedures expertise employee handbook development staff training and development new employee on-boarding off-boarding employment law knowledge payroll expertise benefits administrator organized maintains confidentiality microsoft office suite accomplishments revamped the orientation process for all new hires which was implemented company-wide. earned special recognition for designing and completing a two-year restructuring project of 20+ years of volunteer records. received employee of the year for outstanding and dedicated service. appointed to the business processes team - a select group who analyzes and restructures business process for the organization. experience hr coordinator 12/2011 to current girl scouts of gulfcoast florida is the premier leadership development organization for girls. i was brought on board to implement new technology to manage volunteer information
__label__FINANCE finance director professional summary finance director professional summary results oriented dependable and motivated professional with 15 years of various experience in the field of accounting payroll tax procurement and administration. desires a challenging role in business processes. core qualifications general and tax accounting account reconciliation budget forecasting expertise financial statement analysis compensation and benefits administration system implementation inventory systems poilcy/program development certified public accountant philippines proficiency in oracle financials microsoft office microsoft dynamics peach tree accounting. strong organizational skills analytical skills flexible team player staff development supervision and training problem resolution schedule management strategic good listener customer relationship service orientation experience finance director june 2003 to january 2014 manage all aspects of accounting operations overseeing day to day transactions related to general ledger accounts payable accounts receivable fixed assets cash accounts payroll and purchasing. reviews financial statements. reviews results of operations and ensures proper reporting to program head to understand revenue and cost drivers and define appropriate reports for monitoring improvement. prepares project pricing and budget. develops financial models for comparative analysis of vendor proposals compensation package client pricing and budget proposals. manages cash flow. signs checks based on assigned approval authority. manage the maintenance and creation of corporate accounting payroll and purchasing policies.
__label__AVIATION management and program analysis management and program analysis professional summary human services degree arcom award for successful works as a budget and administration works in the oklahoma national guard training department successfully completed and passed two administration and budget related inspections volunteered with the oklahoma national guard family programs proficient in microsoft office to include excel power-point word/ typing 45 words per minute. experience in briefing administrative issues strategies and solutions. experience in gathering research searching polices regulations and verbally communicating end results. ability to use extensive budget knowledge to mentor and train others that are new to the field. organized and rebuild oklahoma counter drug administration and financial records to meet national guard bureau standards receiving a 100 in administration and 88 in finance while undergoing evaluation. ability to lead and take direction work well with others. https //www.usajobs.gov/ applicant/resume/listresurnes 3/9/2015 https //www.usajobs.goviapplicant/resume/listresumes 3/9/2015 core qualifications file/reanalytical reasoning budget forecasting expertise account reconciliation superior research skills complex problem solving effective time management spreadsheet development financial records and processing oral and written communications computer proficiency records maintencance experience management and program analysis 08/2011 to 12/2015 maintain detailed record of budgetary transaction for annual operation of the sao aviation office budget managed accounting operations accounting
__label__ENGINEERING engineering project manager summary engineering project manager summary eleven years of experience in analog rf and mixed signal layout design at module and chip levels for 180nm 65nm 45nm 28nm tsmc 14ff samsung foundry and 10nm intel. experienced in planning tracking and executing tasks to meet desired deadlines. skills aware of analog layout fundamentals like device matching shielding isolation esd latchup antenna em dfm physical verification layout using tools like k2ver hercules caliber assura used auto routers tools like icct chip assembly router aprisa vsr on various blocks to reduce manual effort used post layout parasitic extraction tools used nucleus ti internal tool for esd and latchup spire ti internal tool for emir analysis voltrace ti internal tool for high voltage checks used data management tools like synchronicity and ic manage relevant experience current aricent inc. client intel usa i am currently being trained in genesys tool and 10nm intel flow. i am working on blocks like ldo to begin with. client qualcomm pvt ltd india wtr-rx/tx synth in 14ff samsung foundry duration of project - 6 months i managed a team of 6 who worked on wtr synth project done in 14ff samsung foundry. this is one of the most challenging tasks in
__label__CONSTRUCTION director of pipeline operations director of pipeline operations executive profile innovative executive operations director with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration skill highlights project management and planning leadership/communication skills business operations organization budget administration negotiations public relations quality control project development change implementation project estimating new business development report matrix development customer-oriented operations management core accomplishments project management initiated several capital expansion projects which resulted in achieving projects being completed on time and under budget. operations management managed pipeline operations including field operations and engineering. handled all functions related to new customer interconnects. instituted new processes for operational management. staff development reorganized hired and mentored staff to manage projects. launched well-received program of professional development for newly created departments for non-union and union staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a significant increase in productivity. professional experience september 2011 to current director of pipeline operations strengthened s business by leading implementation of reorganized processes including gas control engineering and design project management pipeline and compression systems integrity management and facility optimization and pipeline fuel process functions. directs and ensures the attainment of obligations to customers system reliability safe operations and system efficiency. spearheaded and directed the procurement of
__label__ARTS sale consultant summary i sale consultant summary i m driven to develop and implement fresh sales and marketing strategies with financial and operational discipline. competitive sales rep with two years in sales with vast industry knowledge. i m independent worker with high energy and great communication skills. i have a a lot to thank to my last employer boost mobile of mobile factory for helping me advance in my sales skills and knowledge of different technology such as phones and computers. friendly sales associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. excellent multi-tasker and team player. reliable with strengths in inventory management training and customer service. friendly knowledgeable and hard-working team player. also a customer service and sales expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems. highlights inventory management outgoing personality detailed oriented accurate money handing sale expertise verbal/written commutation documentation familiarity team player mentality cheerful and energetic organization skills staff training and development multi-tasker active listening commutation skills computer skills experience sale consultant 03/2015 to 11/2015 i answered all of the customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and through the phone. i also helped customers select products that best fit their
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary skilled finance manager summary skilled operations manager talented at improving team performance through innovative management techniques. offers thoughtful comprehensive and constructive feedback to staff members to promote productivity and loyalty. highlights operations management customer relations purchasing procurement fleet management budgeting forecasting audits logistics accounting p l management business development quality assurance control collection management proficient in ms excel ms access ms project quicken ms powerpoint inoviswork sap oracle erp kronos accomplishments increased output by 32 through reorganization of locations to maximize efficiency. reduced staff turnover by 45 in one year by implementing several well-received team and morale-building programs. qualified location for 2 million dollar remodel by increasing sales 30 through retraining of sales team created critical kpis to track and improve on-time delivery customer issues and safety statistics. boosted customer satisfaction ratings by 40 in under 4 months. experience 03/2016 to current finance manager partner with product management and purchasing team in determining financial impact due to product cost reductions new product roll out etc. performed financial statement audits of security broker dealers for purposes of sec/finra purposes. completed monthly quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for 11 small companies. as appropriate based on findings make proposal for operational changes policy procedures
__label__HEALTHCARE platform architect healthcare incubation platform architect healthcare incubation lab hil summary a driven technology professional with software architecture and development background and a passion for agile methodologies. i enjoy designing and developing platforms consisting of web applications and services that help businesses innovate and stay competitive. accomplishments over 8 years of experience architecting and developing data-intensive web-based applications and services with expert level proficiency in middle tier and service oriented architecture soa and functional proficiency in data and presentation tiers experienced with designing and developing horizontally scalable secure and reliable multi-tenant web applications delivered in a saas model proven success in working with dynamic startups as well as medium to large organizations adept at navigating technical and non-technical challenges through use of excellent communication skills creativity and practical knowledge experience collaborating on cross-functional agile teams that include product development product owners quality assurance and devops proven record of collaborating with internal and external e.g. customers vendors partners and regulatory entities team members experience 01/2015 to current platform architect healthcare incubation lab hil premera blue cross is a not-for-profit healthcare insurance provider in the of washington usa. the healthcare incubation lab is an internal startup backed and funded by premera blue cross. as a center
__label__DESIGNER instructional designer summary dependable instructional designer summary dependable and resourceful instructor/trainer technical writer and instructional designer who designs documentation training programs or curriculums including classroom lectures online courses and self-study sessions directed at students employees organization members or those who use the organization s products or services. accomplishments of tn teacher license 474 business education software expertise adobe acrobat prof. 9 adobe captivate 5 5.5 7 8 adobe contribute 4 adobe dreamweaver adobe indesign adobe photoshop articulate studio 9/storyline fireworks basics flash basics lms blackboard sumtotal moodle microsoft access 03 07 microsoft excel 03 07 10 microsoft outlook 03 07 microsoft powerpoint 03 07 10 microsoft publisher 03 07 microsoft word 03 07 10 snagit. education university of memphis 2016 doctor of education instruction and curriculum leadership instructional design and technology gpa 1st generation phd fellowship academic achievement award instruction and curriculum leadership instructional design and technology 1st generation phd fellowship academic achievement award university of phoenix 2005 master of arts adult education and distance learning gpa gpa 3.91 adult education and distance learning gpa 3.91 university of memphis 2003 bachelor of science business administration management gpa minority merit scholar business administration management minority merit scholar experience may 2015 to september 2015 instructional designer
__label__AVIATION program director / office program director / office manager summary highly personable tech savvy professional with 9 plus years of experience in administrative and customer service roles including 5 years of non-profit experience. demonstrated ability to develop and maintain relationships through dependability and exceptional service leading to increased repeat and referral business and support. effectively communicates with the executive advisory board of directors with the constant ongoing of daily operation. job responsibilities include facili- tating monthly support group meetings training volunteers for educational awareness programs within the community maintaining donor data with use of sage fundraising 50 donor software mailings of thank you letters and fliers to donors creating marketing materials and social media postings and maintaining website and calendar updates. additional qualifications include use of highlights crosoft word excel outlook powerpoint access publisher adobe pro operating systems windows xp vista and mac skype facebook youtube twitter logmein remote. experience program director / office manager march 2009 to current serve as director for a not-for-profit corporation tending to the needs of survivors diag- nosed with all forms of gynecological cancers their caregivers. raising awareness fundraising and hosting local lunch and learns and community events. implemented a program with third year medical students at u
__label__HR hr assistant summary hard hr assistant summary hard worker dedicated detailed oriented experienced organized and highly motivated. these are just some of the many attributes in which i possess as an individual. with over 5 years of experience in human resource administration and customer service i have the talent to quickly adapt to new challenges. within my experience i focused on benefits administration payroll career development and employment law. highlights assigned administrative assignments on a daily basis implemented employee s handbook processed documentation for employees conducted employees performance reviews managed employee scheduling coordinated with upper level co-worker and lower level teamwork oriented processed new recruits processed payroll performed background check managed inventory supplies secured new wholesale food purveyor to decrease costs and increase profits accomplishments accomplishments at pho n more restaurant managed restaurant financial objectives by developing financing establishing banking relationships prepared strategic and annual forecasts and budgets by analyzing variances initiating corrective actions and establishing financial controls developed and implemented strategies to increase average meal checks created restaurant business plan by surveying restaurant demand conferring with people in the community identifying and evaluating competitors preparing financial marketing and sales projections analyses and estimates controlled purchases and inventory by meeting with account manager negotiating
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction foreman summary looking construction foreman summary looking for a challenging and rewarding future in a healthy and competitive organization and to expose my knowledge experience and potential through hard work and dedication. i offer myself as an excellent team player with honesty dynamism and commitment. over 8 years of success in overseeing multi-million dollar building construction and renovation projects from beginning through occupancy. proven track record of safely and effectively operating a wide range of construction equipment excavators backhoes loaders forklifts and mechanized trenchers. demonstrated ability to effectively manage a team of up to 10 construction workers performing a variety of activities. conversant with conducting project briefings and assigning daily work tasks to construction workers. particularly effective in working within allocated budgets. highlights construction foreman project scheduling empowerment regulatory compliance planning and budgeting crew management contract negotiation experience construction foreman march 2009 to current develop construction crews for daily tasks ensure all task comply with project protocols coordinate construction projects in terms of supplies and resources manage construction budgets as appropriated monitory daily construction operations for quality management and accuracy track costs as instructed perform performance inspections on a regular basis carry out construction duties when the project calls for it report progress
__label__ENGINEERING engineering operations director executive engineering operations director executive profile senior software executive senior software executive who is a key contributor to strategic planning and product development. highly skilled at creating and implementing key software improvements and process changes by uncovering major process limitations maximizing profitability scalability and competition in the global marketplace. accomplishments over last 15 years + reported directly to c-level executives and board members successfully bridging the gap between the business and engineering implementing strategic plans and ensuring that the engineering teams are aligned to business goals. agile expert and evangelist running software development teams for over 17 years and specifically agile software development for more that 13 years. reorganized and transitioned many teams and companies to become smooth running agile groups drastically reducing delivery issues making the work very transparent empowering team members to become self-directed and accountable to their commitments. skilled at managing entire software development process and employees including qa project management technical support on and offshore teams contractors subsidiaries and merger/acquisitions. successfully on-boarded the engineers and technology from an acquired and quickly merged their intellectual property ip into the main product line. advocate for strong engineering best practices including design code reviews paired programming unit tests and continuous
__label__AVIATION security baggage handler/personnel screener security baggage handler/personnel screener career overview highly enthusiastic customer service professional with number years client interface experience.customer-focused retail sales associate with a solid understanding of the dynamics of the retail apparel and shoe industry. core strengths computer skills ms excel ms access ms word ms power point ms outlook adobe acrobat programs navy enterprise resource planning fedex united parcel service webflis doddac facts currently maintain an active security clearance of secret. references/dd214/ transcripts upon request accomplishments deans list work experience march 2014 to current security baggage handler/personnel screener provide information to space a travelers as well as pcs customers. loaded over 5 000 60 to 75lb bags on of the art air force x ray equipment. provided force protection security for the amc military terminal. monitor all illegal material using the available x-ray explosive and narcotics detection magnetometer hand held scanning equipment and video monitoring camera. illegal material includes weapons explosives narcotics and any other materials which are unauthorized for air transportation. january 2010 to january 2012 aviation ordnanceman cvn 77 virginia beach virginia 2010-2012 aviation ordnanceman inspect maintained and repaired aircraft mechanical and electrical armament/ordnance systems serviced aircraft guns and accessories stowed assembled and loaded aviation ammunition including aerial
__label__DESIGNER instructional designer professional summary instructional designer professional summary an instructional design position working in a medium to large focused on developing and conducting quality programs for customer training or internal operations requiring an analytical and thorough person with the ability to to contribute to developing and implementing training programs and materials for customers and employees to improve their efficiency while enhancing the s image and building the s growth. instructional design program development program evaluation needs assessment storyboarding learning analysis writing objectives lcm mapping management supervision administration budgeting training presentation development public speaking customer service familiarization with scorm addie interned at general dynamics information technology skills budgeting and finance project management strong verbal communication conflict resolution extremely organized team leadership data management process implementation client assessment and analysis staff development work history instructional designer 01/2014 to current key accomplishments. successfully designed wbt course rating veterans service representative rvsr for the veterans benefit administration vba . successfully designed wbt course basic acquisition 101 for the defense acquisition university dau . food beverage director 01/2013 to 01/2014 key accomplishments created jobs aids successfully trained all staff in compliance with food code successfully trained all staff in compliance with food vendor requirements successfully monitored and maintained federal
__label__ENGINEERING engineering supervisor summary entrepreneurial engineering supervisor summary entrepreneurial analytical and detailed oriented manager who for over 5 years both directed and had hands on experience in all aspects of accounting functions of a small engineering company. a natural disposition for problem solving and attention to detail that has led to a successful 23 year engineering and accounting career. a proven ability to accept and succeed with new challenges and responsibilities. currently seeking the next career challenge of continuing the path of accounting management in a small to medium-sized that needs an involved professional with demonstrated leadership experience. highlights cpa candidate passed in 2013 experienced manager analytical reasoning government contracting experience full-cycle accounting familiar with multiple accounting packages comfortable working with teams of management and line employees accomplishments built accounting functions policies and systems from the ground up of a spin-off/startup firm. managed accounting and engineering functions of a small from inception to sale. passed cpa exam in the of maryland. experience engineering supervisor august 2011 to current assisted weatherford accounting team with financial integration and wind down of aither engineering inc. supervising location buyer and troubleshooting issues regarding pos receiving reports vendor invoices and payment vouchers within j.d. edwards enterprise resource planning erp environment.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS senior account manager summary senior account manager summary creative and dynamic communications professional with experience in events customer service media and public relations marketing and fundraising highlights project management exceptional writer organized and efficient indesign experience deadline-driven customer service-focused motivated team player sound judgment experience 01/2014 to 01/2016 senior account manager developed custom public and media relations strategy for a variety of clients integrating pr marketing and social media for maximum impact. wrote designed edited and distributed press releases and media pitches for clients. provided updates serve on committees and interacted with clients to advise and customize public relation strategy and tactics to achieve goals. coordinated managed and executed public relations events tracked media activity and problem-solved for public relations and crisis issues. served as liaison and representative to media and community. managed website content both baker pr and clients. clients included lord taylor national center for adaptive neurotechnology complexions spa the port of coeymans creatacor and more. 01/2012 to 01/2014 development senior associate responsible for fundraising efforts for individuals at every level manage and redesign membership benefits program coordinate and manage events. developed relationships with donors to achieve financial goals. managed all details of fundraising events to include budget negotiating contracts managing vendors
__label__TEACHER teacher willing to relocate teacher willing to relocate anywhere professional summary to maintain a long term position in a cohesive diverse environment that promotes a professional environment and values employees and families. to obtain a teaching opportunity in grade levels ec - 4th grade. core qualifications skills used speaking math planning leading computer skills communication with staff parents and students. accounts receivable clerk the salt group - kerrville tx - august 2012 to august 2014 responsibilities accounts receivable collection calls answering questions for new customers maintain a good relationship with clients problem solving for clients in difficult situations. obtain a weekly goal for set amount of monies coming in to each week. microsoft word microsoft works excel internet research powerpoint. experience teacher 08/2015 - current teaching all subjects to high school and junior high coach for pe. lesson planning grades reports. kindergarten teacher 01/2014 - current math 3 hrs. day reading social studies science writing accomplishments i have had several students that have had many challenges to overcome before moving on to 1st grade i have assisted in making the obstacles become less and prepare them to be great next year. daycare lead teacher 06/2010 - current teaching 2 3 4 year old age
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology it specialist information technology it specialist experience information technology it specialist january 2012 it specialist project engineer december 2009 to current u.s. army information systems engineering command usaisec on projects involving large and complex data networks and telecommunications systems while assigned to the fort huachuca engineering directorate of usaisec. i develop manage and coordinate the implementation of network communications local area networks lans visual information systems vis and information technology it infrastructure projects. as the project manager and lead engineer i directed and managed the efforts of a five person integrated product team ipt to implement the 25 million it infrastructure for the the new command control communications and computers c4 facility for the joint special operations command jsoc at ft bragg nc. provided daily project coordination and oversaw the development of the it technical requirements system design plan and associated contract documents and design drawings for the 35 000 sf building. reviewed building construction design drawings consolidated design change input requests from the customer and team members and provided justification for the proposed design changes and building modifications to ensure that the it infrastructure was installed according to technical specifications applicable security standards and customer requirements. requests for building design changes
__label__TEACHER guest teacher floral designerwrite guest teacher floral designerwrite your own title i am a certified professional floral designer mentored by an aifd founding member. i have participated and been a finalist in several national competitions. i have owned my own business in las vegas starting at the tropicana hotel and built my businesses to the las vegas hilton and caesar s palace. i have innovated different buying practices by utilizing national and international auctions when supply was low and demand was high. highlights skills used acquired fresh flowers from growers in both national and international regions chose containers vases baskets props etc. from trade markets in dallas atlanta los angeles and las vegas educated myself by studying the market for current and future trends acquired the skills necessary to compete on both a national and international auction by the internet which required in depth knowledge of flowers prepared employees by giving instruction and expectations of what was necessary to learn during their probationary period and later guided them to utilize their own skills in order for each to improve method of design instructed employees in all areas necessary to work in a full service florist owner/operator garden of the nile flower shop at caesar
__label__ENGINEERING construction engineering supervisor summary construction engineering supervisor summary skilled security professional with 20 years providing security services in federal buildings corporate settings apartment complexes retail facilities and construction sites. security officer accomplished in securing and protecting governmental science and technology facilities. brings techniques gained from a background in law enforcement training. protective services professional with strong law enforcement background. approaches each case with a high level of professionalism offering each case its proper due diligence. highlights department of secret security clearance natural leader weapons training first aid training 2016 security personnel training windows vista accomplishments awarded by management with several official commendations for personal achievement and contributions to the team. promoted to staff supervisor after 6 years of employment. experience construction engineering supervisor january 2012 to january 2013 supervised the construction repair and utility of buildings warehouses and fixed bridges port facilities and petroleum pipelines. read and interprets construction drawings. estimate material time labor and equipment requirements. inspects structures and facilities to ensure compliance with specifications. combat engineer january 2000 to current detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits. perform such tasks as making circuit analyzes and tracing relationships in signal flow. use complex test instruments such as high frequency pulse generators frequency synthesizers
__label__CONSULTANT construction consultant summary to construction consultant summary to secure a project management position with a dynamic organization where i can be contribute to a team and utilize my extensive leadership experience to develop and grow the business. held every management position within the organization including general manger national corporate trainer front of the house manager kitchen manager and bar manager. experience in the organization culminated as a store owner and operator. experience 01/2011 to 01/2015 construction consultant supervised well site and location road construction equipment procurement and logistics. coordinated facilities construction and well production. consulted with project managers vendors and other departmental personnel to discuss and formulate estimates and resolve job site issues. obtained organized and analyzed multiple subcontractor quotes across varying trades by specifying materials identifying qualified subcontractors and negotiating prices. supervised well site completions including well site perforations well site logging and well site flow back. communicated with both internal and external project stakeholders to troubleshoot issues and determine appropriate resolutions. coordinated and oversaw all project crews including construction safety and electrical. identified and documented issues and risks to offer realistic recommendations for alternatives to achieve desired results. held and facilitated all daily jsa s. consistently worked on multiple projects and issues
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY database programmer/analyst .net developer database programmer/analyst .net developer summary software engineer with 2 years in web developer specializing in front end development. proficient in software development life cycle sdlc and srum agile methodologies of development process to produce software solutions by team. involved in designing planning developing and implementing microsoft .net based solutions that meet quality and code standards using c# asp.net asp.net mvc javascript jquery css bootstrap css html xml and ajax. strong experience in data retrieval and manipulation using ado.net data objects such as dataset data reader data list data adaptor entity frame work. good experience in writing class library using c# linq to sql queries in database access layer to interface with sql database. worked extensively with .net server controls web user controls data grid web control form validation controls and created custom controls. worked on creating and modifying table definitions stored procedures in sql database. modified and written web services using c# to interact with the other applications so data can be served. used red gate sql compare to deploy database from one server to another server dev - test/qa .worked on .net security features such as form-based authentication and role-based authorization. used various asp.net client side and server validation
__label__CONSULTANT engineering consultant professional summary engineering consultant professional summary to deliver value in a professional position in the oil and gas industry that utilizes my attributes and unique skillset. long standing track record of outperforming management s goals and milestones while reducing time costs and minimizing non-productive time. incorporate both analytical and creative skills to visualize ideas and find solutions and proactively avoid problems. in depth understanding of how mechanics and tools can be utilized for optimized functionality economics and safety from experience on marginally productive plays where lowered and predictable costs were a key driver. meticulous with invoices to ensure costs are accurate and what was agreed upon. developed in-depth analytical and mechanical problem solving skills through years of field experience comprehensive discussions with vendors and learning/listening to those with more experience. wealth of knowledge about timelines workflows costs effective troubleshooting and seamlessly integrating field and office personnel into a unified team from righand experience and field engineering experience. continuously consider hse and regulatory facets and how to implement them without unduly disturbing operations when possible. accomplishments developed unit s drilling program in this area. o to date drilled unit s longest lateral 6 891 fastest gw well 17.54 days spud to td and
__label__FITNESS receptionist and veterinary technician receptionist and veterinary technician summary dedicated and focused office administrator who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. receptionist who answers a high volume of incoming calls while handling in-person inquiries from clients and colleagues. flexible and hardworking with the drive to succeed. highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail self-directed time management professional and mature strong problem solver resourceful dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills understands grammar proofreading quickbooks expert ar/ap medical terminology mail management self-starter motivated dependable power point proficiency outlook proficiency internet research dedicated with a reputation for consistently going beyond what is required experience receptionist and veterinary technician june 2007 to september 2014 scheduled surgeries and routine appointments drew blood samples developed x-rays managed inventory and documentation ordered medical supplies and animal food administered vaccines medication and performed lab tests assisted in surgeries and euthanasias. administrative specialist and personal assistant may 2013 to december 2013 general administrative responsibilities included coordination of calendars scheduled and coordinated arrangements for meetings anticipated conflicts and needs processed expense reports and regular communications for cross-functional departments. provided systems support establishing appropriate documentation and
__label__ARTS assistant director summary previously assistant director summary previously doing executive administrative work experienced in multiple work settings maintenance marketing finance health care customer service hospitality educational and instructional also achieving artistic experience work as a choreographer dancer videographer producer and professor culturally aware and diverse having traveled internationally philanthropy work serving as a board member for various non-profit organizations volunteering at hospitals and being active within the community. i annika kay at age 33 now have done and experienced a great deal at a young age i am well equip to take on just about any task presented to me and i am extremely capable and eager to learn that which i do not know yet. i am a professional individual who is always able to meet deadlines polite positive considerably responsible and quite astute as well as logical and rational and strive to maintain both humility and kindness in all that i do. skills final cut pro proficient motion live-type camera operation editing. computer microsoft office excel power point quickbooks creative suite html 120 wpm 10-key proficient online databases filing and back-up drives troubleshooting web-design and graphic design. writing copy writing letters grants project proposals spreadsheets cost analysis memos budget reports meeting minutes
__label__FINANCE finance manager / plant finance manager / plant controller summary ten years experience with high-volume manufacturers demonstrating leadership and strong project management execution skills. instrumental in reducing labor and overhead 2.5 million and contributing to operational goals and business profit. strengths include financial reporting forecasting budgeting process and internal control. highlights a highly motivated and educated goal and success orientated individual with over ten years of professional work experience within the us and china of which eight years are with reckitt benckiser fortune #160 and regal beloit fortune #713 profound knowledge of management accounting cost inventory accounting and familiarity with general accepted accounting principles gaap strong organizational analytical and interpersonal skills with keen attention to detail and played a key role in the core management team and expanded roles supporting it and supply chain functions strategic and financial planning expert business performance improvement knowledge of gaap guidelines and sox compliance certified public accountant cpa oracle / jde /global shop proficient in microsoft office thrives under pressure solution-oriented staff leadership and development goal focusing/motivation flexibility and adaptability adapt to the changes accomplishments cost reduction established and coordinated a robust plan for the control of operations including period financial results and variance analysis expense budgets cost
__label__SALES sales associate summary courteous sales associate summary courteous and dependable sales accociate skilled at balancing customer needs and demands. effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals. highlights 65wpm 80-90 accuracy 10 key calculator smart phone and tablets microsoft windows 95/98/xp/vista mac word excel publisher outlook internet browsers i.e. internet explorer fire-fox google chrome etc. superior communication skills dependability staff training and development superior organization skills interpersonal abilities initiative and problem-solver experience sales associate 01/2015 to 10/2015 actively acknowledged greeted and assisted customers in the store. provided accurate product information. maintained working knowledge of stores policies and procedures. met and exceeded sales goals. assisted supervisors to identify and resolve issues in the store. trained new employees on customer service policies and service level standards. personal health care assistant 03/2011 to 02/2015 daily job responsibility preformed through out the work shift include clean sanitize and organize. home to ensure a sterile and healthy environment for my client. prepare meals attend to errands provide. transportation to and from health care provider. provide assistance with day to day hygienic needs. sales associate/key cashier lead 06/2010 to 01/2011 daily job responsibility preformed through out the work shift include delegate daily duties for
__label__TEACHER teacher summary i taught teacher summary i taught 5th 2nd and 3rd grade for the last fifteen years. i typically worked with general education students collaboratively teaching with special educations teachers as well. enthusiastic teacher effective at providing high quality instruction and fostering a positive learning environment for all students. superb leadership organization and communication skills. easily cultivates trusting and productive relationships with students parents teachers and administration. mature and professional who adapts to new situations and technologies with ease. skills current virginia postgraduate professional license critical thinker calm under pressure decisive mediation and advocacy talent curriculum development and long term planning highly organized excellent work ethic experience 08/2002 teacher established positive relationships with students parents fellow teachers and school administrators. created lesson plans in accordance with curriculum and school-wide curriculum standards. strengthened parent-teacher and parent-child communication by holding regular parent-teacher conferences. named teacher of the year by peers in 2015. 02/2001 to 02/2002 assistant teacher responsible for twenty students ages five to eight years old in a before and after school childcare setting. summer camp session full time care for ages five to eleven and includes chaperoning weekly field trips providing transportation on passenger buses and knowledge of first aid procedures. 02/1998 to
__label__FINANCE finance project coordinator summary finance project coordinator summary accommodating project coordinator who effectively manages strict deadlines schedules and repetitive tasks with a positive can-do attitude. areas of strength include professionalism high level organizational skills detail oriented multi-tasking capabilities self-directed resourceful learner and ability to adapt easily to change. highlights financial statement analysis account reconciliation expert general ledger accounting strength in regulatory reporting self-directed adobe software proficiency effective time management strong organizational skills superior research skills flexible team player advanced computer proficiency pc accomplishments process improvement oversaw implementation of cash applications system which resulted in more cost-effective service. increased office organization with the implementation of an improved cash management and accounting system. research investigated and analyzed operational processes to identify and resolve bottlenecks within internal operations. data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions for cfo and ownership. maintain status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects and contracted accounts. training successfully trained accounts receivables adjudication departments on accounting software sage accpac 300 erp and associated databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. experience july 2012 to current finance project coordinator monitor
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern personal summary engineering intern personal summary age -22 years permanenet residency of australia and new zealand citizen currently living in sydney australia . knowledge base c/python r stk catia ansys latex solidworks microsoft office microsoft project academic background high school diploma mathematics physics chemistry engineering 2012 nortmead high school australia ranked 1st place in 2 unit mathematics physics chemistry and engineering studies ranked 3rd place in extension 1 mathematics and english advanced received 2nd highest atar in school bachelor of science be bachelor of engineering honours aerospace 2017 university of new south wales unsw australia maintained distinction wam of 79.42 in final 2 years of university obtained high distinction and distinction results in some of the most advanced 3rd and 4th year subjects in the engineering faculty such as - dynamics of aerospace vehicles/avionics finite element methods aerodynamics professional engineering and communication and thesis using matlab programming certifications and credentials scrum fundamentals certified data science fundamentals certified oracle sql developer advanced sql sql expert under progress experience engineering intern feb 2017 to apr 2017 achievements. collaborated with a team of engineers of different fields with the goal of creating technical solutions for product concerns raised by customers and produced test record documentation
__label__ADVOCATE corporate facilitator performance coach corporate facilitator performance coach and developer summary corporate trainer and performance coach over 25 years of business experience including 18 years of training. interactive and engaging high energy corporate trainer. wide bandwidth of corporate and entrepreneurial experience to solidify content and enable material to be business relevant. lead others to adopt change with proven methods. skilled in engaging groups quickly building trust and involvement. ensure participants improve job related competencies. coach others to higher levels of peak performance while maintaining confidentiality and privacy. core qualifications active participation in groups plans events excellent classroom management interactive teaching/learning clear public speaking skills active listening skills positive atmosphere promotion innovative lesson planning performance assessments achievements facilitated 65 million in innovated cost savings for clients facilitated 500 000 of training revenue 2012 obtained four dale carnegie certifications in a one year 2005 consistently receive exceeds on training evaluations coach on profile international incorporated assessments to increase behavior change professional experience corporate facilitator performance coach and developer january 2005 to current collaborate with senior leadership team to tailor training. managed the design development implementation and administration of instructor-led corporate training including feedback survey forms and supporting materials. monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of training programs
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS vice president experience vice vice president experience vice president 04/2018 to 12/2018 managed all aspects of epson launch of wearable technology product line including messaging executive speech and presentation video script media relations social media integration partner announcements press releases and other materials and event logistics convinced to conduct press conference during industry event resulting in over 200 media attending and dozens of national media and broadcast stories including cnn fox news usa today cnet mashable engadget and more achieved epson s main objective to be perceived as legitimate competitor to more established industry players such as google glass and fitbit instrumental in success of isc 2 the world s largest association of information security professionals growing from less than 8 000 members to more than 80 000 in 10 years conceived isc 2 survey of information security profession with resulting coverage in the wall street journal fortune forbes and numerous other it and security trade media and establishing cissp certification as gold standard wrote numerous articles blogs speeches and video scripts for top security professionals including howard schmidt first cybersecurity advisor to the white house played key role in re-branding iconectiv a telecommunications services provider and business unit of ericsson to focus on
__label__HR hr manager executive profile hr manager executive profile accomplished hr professional experienced in strategic planning organizational development and management of human resources business operations. a savvy team leader skilled in attracting the most qualified talent. pivotal contributor to senior operating and leadership executives providing hr leadership to multiple sites from due diligence to conversation. innovative problem solver strategic decision maker and strong communicator. benefits acquisition retention recruitment compensation labor relations benefits acquisition retention recruitment compensation labor relations skill highlights tonya bell phr human resources professional organizational development strategic planning talent management change management employee relations er training development performance management hr information systems hris organization development od change management employee relations er training development performance management hr information systems hris organization development od ms word powerpoint excel access and publisher adobe illustrator sap oracle ceridian and kronos professional experience 03/2013 to current hr manager the world s largest airline operating nine domestic hubs across the u.s. with its largest hub being dfw airport located in dallas tx where 877 flights depart daily throughout north america the caribbean europe and asia. managed all aspects of human resources and employee relations for customer ops at dca and lga for us airways. partnered with legal to create
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive summary business development executive summary an achievement driven professional highly skilled in sales product development strategic marketing and salesforce lead management. creative with an extensive knowledge of industry sales points both in and out of consumer markets. dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and expectations. skills brand development analyzing market trends established track record of exceptional sales results account management excellent negotiating tactics skilled multi-tasker salesforce lead management strong interpersonal skills experience january 2017 to current business development executive responsible for growing ceridian s business throughout the canadian enterprise market collaborates with internal stakeholders to develop strategic gtm works with internal marketing team to develop campaigns for the targeted market manages the introduction of new programs and/or features within ceridian to consumer base conducts market research profiles customers makes presentations and participates in sales calls and marketing events to establish customers and determine market segment revenue potential develops and implements marketing and sales strategy for securing and/or increasing market share sales and profit participates in quarterly qbr s. november 2015 to january 2017 solutions analyst reviewed new customer orders and manually enter data into sap. processed transactions pertaining to designated vendor. provided information and guidance on vendor products and programs. october
__label__TEACHER assistant teacher summary childcare assistant teacher summary childcare professional skilled at remaining calm under pressure while keeping the daycare setting light and playful. works hard to identify and address behavioral and educational issues. highlights positive and cheerful active listener head start program knowledge certified in early childhood education infant toddler and preschool curricula reliable approachable playful highly organized experience assistant teacher 05/2014 to 11/2014 read stories to the children and taught them painting drawing and crafts. disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior. carefully monitored children s play activities. maintained daily records of activities behaviors meals and naps. communicated with children s parents and guardians about daily activities behaviors and problems. managed general housekeeping duties including feeding diapering resting and cleanup. student teacher 02/2013 to 02/2014 plan/ implement developmentally appropriate curriculum for 4-5 year olds children in a vpk classroom. assess children s progress towards vpk standards through daily observation. design and maintain a nurturing learning environment for young children. supportive vpk student teacher 01/2013 to 01/2014 assist teacher in setting up learning centers carry out activities with children. serve meals to children family style. supervise children during playground area. summary of qualifications. education early childhood education department of children and families
__label__ADVOCATE customer service advocate ii customer service advocate ii summary qualified lead customer service representative with 16 + years in fast-paced customer service utility office environment and affordable care reform. personable and professional under pressure. at the utility i was responsible for the day in and day out operations of a busy utility office as both lead customer service representative and assistant to my local manager. i handled everything from time sheets for the entire office to payments made by our customers. for the last six months i have been employed with kelly services and worked in marketplace operations at bluecross blueshield where i provided accurate prompt and courteous responses to all inquiries by members internal and external agents and providers. i handled inquires that required extensive research coordination with other departments and accurately documented information. received positive feedback from members agents and management regarding work performance. highlights exceptional communication skills filing and data archiving creative problem solver professional phone etiquette ms windows proficient customer service-oriented quick learner flexible proficient in cash management works well under pressure credit card processing appointment setting advanced clerical knowledge high level of accuracy strong account analysis skills ms office expert self-sufficient committed to maintaining data integrity excellent time management
__label__ADVOCATE customer advocate summary to customer advocate summary to obtain a position in company. education bba marketing 2014 university of central arkansas - faulkner experience customer advocate september 2014 to current - handle incoming calls from a national customer base. provide detailed information on services and products to customers. make appropriate account recommendations based on customer requirements. enter accurate and complete customer information into system. research and resolve service product and billing issues. maintain updated records of all customer interactions. achieve and exceed key performance indicators in all areas. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. caregiver september 2010 to august 2015 - read stories to the children and taught them painting drawing and crafts. employed a variety of materials for children to explore and manipulate in learning activities and imaginative play. planned and implemented educational programs for children managed general housekeeping duties including feeding diapering resting and cleanup. supported children s emotional and social development by adapting communication tactics for differing client needs. planned and led games reading and activities for groups of school-age children. disciplined children and recommended
__label__TEACHER teacher career overview highly teacher career overview highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 15 years client interface experience.enthusiastic customer service/telesales representative with in-depth knowledge of sales account management and training.results-driven office manger with proven ability to establish rapport with clients.years client interface experience. dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. core strengths strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver courteous demeanor large cash/check deposits expert telecommunication skills markdown/promotional procedures store maintenance ability inventory control familiarity telephone inquiries specialist customer service expert invoice processing adaptive team player opening/closing procedures accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. computed data reports provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. market research interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. database maintenance assisted
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS carrier assistant professional summary carrier assistant professional summary a results-oriented service-driven psychology professional who is an analytic problem solver capable of insightful decision making. a skilled troubleshooter able to synthesize disparate pieces of data draw meaningful conclusions and execute a concise implementation plan. an astute project manager who can also function as an efficient team leader but who can also operate as a team player demonstrating common sense working effectively in highly pressurized workplace settings filled with shifting priorities and tight time-frames. an influential consensus builder possessing finely honed interpersonal ability with a proven record of exhibiting personal integrity at all organizational levels. skill highlights microsoft office suite word powerpoint outlook and excel spss research data public relations crisis management relationship building project management customer service quality consciousness and attention to details. professional experience september 2014 to current carrier assistant established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service. operated motor vehicles in a safe and efficient manner. met and surpassed productivity targets and quality standards. obtained signatures needed to complete and process all paperwork in a timely manner. handled merchandise in accordance with product handling standards. loaded and unloaded merchandise at stores and vendor locations.. january 2014 to current event ambassador developed professional
__label__APPAREL independent beauty advisor career independent beauty advisor career overview to gain an entry-level position in the customer service industry with room for growth and advancement that will lead to a lasting relationship. core strengths customer service expert energetic work attitude courteous demeanor sharp problem solver top sales performer telecommunication skills adaptive team player strong organizational skills work experience independent beauty advisor 10/2013 current provide individualized client facials and product profiles fill customer beauty product orders recruit new potential beauty advisors commercial lines specialist 01/2013 09/2013 interviewed prospective clients to learn about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage. processed applications payments corrections endorsements and cancellations. followed up with potential clients regarding online information requests. finalized and maintained all types of personal lines insurance policies within the agency. promoted agency products to customers in person on the telephone and in writing. promoted client retention through high-quality service and follow through. presented account proposals in a professional and timely manner. customer service repsresentative 11/2012 01/2013 interviewed prospective clients to learn about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage. processed applications payments corrections endorsements and cancellations. followed up with potential clients regarding online information requests. finalized and maintained all types of personal lines
__label__ADVOCATE revenue cycle advocate summary revenue cycle advocate summary dedicated and focused office manager/supervisor who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.energetic revenue cycle advocate with 20+ years experience in high-level executive support roles. organized and professional. highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets self-directed results-oriented meticulous attention to detail time management professional and mature strong problem solver advanced ms office suite knowledge resourceful strong interpersonal skills medical terminology meeting planning report development report writing billing and coding workers compensation knowledge claims appeal procedures insurance eligibility verifications accomplishments coordinated all department functions for team of 10+ employees.received a merit raise for strong attention to detail exemplary customer service and team-player attitude.successfully planned and executed corporate meetings lunches and special events for groups of 10+ employees. planned and executed all aspects of a major office headquarter move.increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols.promoted to revenue cycle advocate.successfully planned and executed corporate meetings lunches and special events for groups of 10+ employees. experience 06/2011 to current revenue cycle advocate planned travel arrangements for 2 executives and 10+ staff. educate and train clinics and hospital departments on epic
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction administration and observation construction administration and observation professional summary motivated construction manager highly effective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. strong knowledge of civil engineering principles and concepts. skills osha certified excellent customer relations general contracting professional subcontractor management knowledgeable in construction safety best building practices interior and exterior renovation scaffolding fall protection plan fpp strong interpersonal skills design experience project scheduling building systems and services work history construction administration and observation 05/2009 to 09/2014 construction administration and observation. full project administration from planning to close out. duties include but are not limited to . project planning documentation submittal review cost analysis progress payments quantity review and project proposals contract documents project technical specifications design criteria etc. preliminary engineering reports cost estimation engineering reports environmental analysis for project planning. mapping using arcgis and autocad civil 3d 2013. observe and report progress on multiple projects mainly with water waste water transportation civil parking lots and landfill improvements. reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction. coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules. obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies. conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary eclectic finance manager summary eclectic individual with 10+ years operations finance and account management experience in small agency / start-up environments. possess strong knowledge of and interest in digital marketing broadcast media and communications. experience finance manager mar 2015 to current responsible for all ap/ar functions monthly bank reconciliations and financial reporting including cash management and forecasting. manage payroll and administer employee benefits. collaborate with project managers on budgets/actuals for project-level metrics. responsible for year-end reporting in collaboration with cpa. project manager jun 2014 to dec 2014 developed project proposals estimates and timelines for a full suite of branding marketing messaging and design services for both print and web. performed press-checks and reviewed proofs to ensure quality color reproduction. reviewed all work for typographical grammar spelling and layout errors. sought competitive bids for print and negotiated rates with vendors. identified developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of client objectives and market trends. collaborated with marketing and communications teams on standardization design and production of marketing materials. analyzed performance of all marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization. promoted brand awareness through seo/sem campaigns and attractive web design. bookkeeper apr 2014 to jun 2014 processed bank reconciliations and
__label__HR hr manager summary hr hr manager summary hr coordinator motivated to create collaborative team environment by using background in the organization of employee training and team building events. key skills new employee orientations maintains confidentiality recruiting employee relations off-boarding performance management strategies quickbooks sequoia taleo google drive google calendar microsoft office suite word excel powerpoint experience july 2014 hr manager diagnosed some of cisco systems talent management systems in order to apply talent management knowledge to current hr practices. compiled a systematic descriptive report of diagnosis along with suggestions for improving methods then submitted final analysis to hr manager. influence chapter 7 liking group presentation social psychology spring 2014 collaborated with group members in dividing the workload planning the class lesson and discussing creative solutions to engage classmates. designed a visual slide presentation by compiling group s work and enhanced presentation appeal with multimedia related to our topic found on the internet. analyzed effective group dynamics and leadership in an final research paper on the analysis of effective group dynamics and leadership persuasion experiment study social psychology spring 2014 designed and executed research design observing persuasion tactics used at mattress discounters based on robert cialdini s research in influence the psychology of persuasion and
__label__FINANCE director of finance professional director of finance professional summary senior financial hospitality executive with over twenty years of managerial expertise a proven and passionate leader in achieving goals. big picture focus on the essentials to a profitable operation customer service excellence cultivating employee loyalty and financial accountability with the owners interest as priority. skills financial reporting us gaap principles fiscal budgeting cash flow analysis individual tax returns federal/state tax preparation peoplesoft and essbase customer relations work history director of finance 03/2012 to current prepare monthly financial statements forecasts and annual budgets. work in properties with annual revenues up to 39m. full responsibility of balance sheet and general ledger. member of the executive team providing financial direction. yield management strategy and group business analysis. lead financial and operations reviews with managers. educate newer managers on how to read and interpret financial statements as it relates to their responsibilities. establish and maintain all internal controls obtaining best audit review. recruit train and mentor personnel. currently supervising a staff of 20 associates. negotiate contract with third party and hotel partners. responsible for hotel s local area network and all i.t. related duties. due-diligence reporting for financing and acquisition. preparing any special reports statements and other items as
__label__TEACHER teacher core accomplishments girl teacher core accomplishments girl scouts of the missouri heartland cole county service unit manager community 2012 present involvement professional develop and present engaging and timely written and electronic organizational training affiliations materials identify and develop service learning activities develop promotional materials support and coordinate girl scout volunteer managers and their troops 82 troops 153 volunteers serving 800+ youth coach and support organizational volunteers to ensure quality of service delivery and fidelity to organizational mission and values troubleshoot / mediate member complaints and concerns serve as local liaison to statewide office staff located in springfield mo on troop and organizational issues camp director summer twilight camp plan curriculum and learning objectives develop streamlined registration processes and schedules facilitate regular meetings of volunteers and foster positive relationships with local media vendors and allied agencies engage in effective public relations / marketing strategies to increase registrations and visibility of organization oversee volunteer managers in monitoring camp operations and camper / staff safety. janet s dance studio fulton mo studio manager 1999 2009. choreographed routines coordinated performances taught performing trained and evaluated studio teaching staff tracked student accounts communicated with families to answer questions / resolve conflicts. professional experience 08/2009 to current teacher jefferson
__label__AVIATION afscme union president summary afscme union president summary focused operations manager union president successful in contract negotiation and process improvement. remains calm and poised even in high-pressure situations. leverages in-depth knowledge of industry trends and shifts to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion. highlights staff development policy/program development cross-functional team management staff training skilled negotiator sound judgment computer-savvy complex problem solving calm under pressure operations management inventory control excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail time management professional and mature strong problem solver labor relations meeting planning schedule management detailed meeting minutes accomplishments showed leadership by becoming the vice president of afscme district council 90 eboard. increased union office organization by developing more efficient filing system and grievance database protocols. successfully planned and executed trainings/meetings lunches and special events for groups of 10 to 100+ employees. developed and implemented first union president manual outlining all proper business procedures and office policies.members. experience afscme union president 11/2004 to current i am highly involved in the oversight and operations of local 2534 s union office. as a local union training instructor luti i prepare and conduct training to other locals. i am vice president on afscme district council 90 s board. responsibilities are
__label__BANKING teller 3 core qualifications teller 3 core qualifications results-oriented client-focused excel in customer service quick learner experience teller 3 march 2011 to august 2014 current delivered prompt accurate and excellent customer service. received regional branch recognition award for outstanding customer service. maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information. supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed. reported daily averages and shortages to the operations department. processed treasury tax and loan payments. entered member transaction data into the online banking software. examined checks for identification and endorsement. researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings checking and lines of credit accounts. adhered to suntrust bank security and audit procedures. trained employees on cash drawer operation. processed cash withdrawals. balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate. processed sales referrals and promoted bank services and products resulting in 25 branch sales increase. reason for leaving relocating to harford co. area . to teller supervisor may 1998 september 2010 delivered prompt accurate and excellent customer service. received regional branch recognition award for outstanding customer service. maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information. supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed. reported daily averages and shortages to the operations department. processed
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology consultant managing information technology consultant managing member summary a versatile analytic it specialist with a proven record of success within large institutions as well as entrepreneurial organizations. thrives on challenge and solves problems with creativity and persistence. a data-driven team leader skilled in both producing and communicating results. experience information technology consultant managing member january 2017 to current worked with product designers and product managers to design user interactions in applications. envisioned inspired new products features and flows. answered user inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation. installed and performed repairs to hardware software and peripheral equipment following design and installation specifications. set up equipment for employee use. conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and provide technical assistance and support. chief technology officer partner august 2015 to january 2017 successfully re-branded established dealership launched new ecommerce website added six new lines of vehicles and created new customer engagement strategies. developed sales and marketing strategy and directly managed over 15 full-time and part-time staff. streamlined processes in sales and service departments using new technology. managed legal and security policies such as loss prevention and dmv compliance. negotiated and secured corporate partnerships including vehicle and trailer maintenance for freshdirect.com s same-day product
__label__FITNESS operations manager skills human operations manager skills human resources 4 years microsoft office 6 years community outreach 3 years community relations 1 year sales 7 years strategic planning 2 years experience 07/2016 to 12/2016 operations manager established operational objectives and work plans and delegated assignments to all employees developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements supported chief operating officer with daily operational functions. 08/2016 to current operations manager identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and performing an average of 60 cold calls per day. recognized as top sales generator increasing sales level by 70 in 2016 consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels. maintained sales record of 20 6 months in a row. 06/2015 to 12/2015 administrator directed marketing initiatives forecasted needs and adjusted future plans created professional business presentations maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency filed insurance coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between. education and training 2016 bachelor of science sports management george mason university sports management interests john wall- coach of the camp june 2016 i coached along side pro camps and john wall this summer for a weekend camp. there
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary accomplished professional accountant summary accomplished professional with exceptional skills developed in diverse and demanding business settings delivering outstanding operational and financial performance. has comprehensive knowledge of accounting in distribution hospitality and service operations. proven ability to establish productive relationships and lead train and focus staffs to improve efficiency and accomplish organizational growth and productivity objectives. has a strong proficiency in identifying and responding to opportunities that improve profitability. highlights financial statements general ledgers analysis sap fico module cash management bank reconciliations peachtree budgeting and forecasting quickbooks enterprise solutions microsoft office a/r and a/p adp payroll database human resources visual basic oracle experience 01/2006 to 01/2014 accountant management of the finance functions. preparation of budgets forecasts and cash flows. maintenance of financial ledgers and accounting processes. preparation of monthly p l and balance sheet. implementation and maintenance multiple escrow accounts to minimize business risk. research and resolve discrepancies consultant billings by interfacing with staff members vendors consultants and clients. build and maintain financial models for various strategic analyses. timely production of statutory and internal financial reports. cash management and treasury duties. ensuring that appropriate systems and internal controls are implemented and maintained as well as overseeing the payroll process. 01/2005 to 01/2006 financial
__label__BANKING sales service associate summary sales service associate summary to secure an accounting position with an organization that will utilize my strong educational background and professional experience while providing stability and opportunity for growth. ydriven and self-motivated investment banker with stellar sales ability and remarkable creativity.ears of extensive accounting experience success in addressing clients concerns detail-oriented efficient and organized with extensive experience in accounting systems manages accounts payable accounts receivable and assist in the preparation of financial statements transactional operations experience with a strong background in wire transfers and ach processing possess strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to make a decision excellent written and verbal communication skills trustworthy discreet and ethical complete projects on time and able to handle multi-tasking proficient with microsoft office package mas 90 200 and peachtree accounting software banking finance and administrative systems qualified and resourceful financial professional with diverse expertise in private government and corporate investment. highlights advanced accounting background financial forecasting risk management expertise financial analysis industrial coverage knowledge industrial coverage knowledge industrial coverage knowledge application of gaap regulations expert in ms office suite accomplishments exceeded sales objectives in 2014 achieved top five percentile in monthly sales in december 2014 received employee of the year
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary financial accountant accountant summary financial accountant specializing in financial planning reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. detail-oriented bookkeeping professional with 3+ years experience applying financial and managerial accounting practices. highlights advanced microsoft office - excel word power point accounting software - sap fico sap bpc hyperion as 400 acc pac iscala ar / credit system - ctos polymath sap copa languages - bahasa malaysia english financial statement analysis budget forecasting expertise account reconciliation expert experienced with vba programming adobe software proficiency general ledger accounting flexible team player advanced computer proficiency pc and mac accomplishments formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis budgeting and forecasting. general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. experience accountant 07/2012 to 08/2015 industry financial services monthly salary myr 7 300 daily operations development and improvement of accounting processes - budget preparation balance sheet accounts receivables and payable transactions payments and credit control. preparation of all financial and management reporting and budgeting. ensure an accurate and timely monthly quarterly and year end
__label__ADVOCATE administrative assistant summary masters administrative assistant summary masters prepared administrative assistant seeking a position as human resource assistant. exceptional administrative skills human resource experience and 13 years of experience working with c-suite executives. highlights microsoft outlook word excel power point adobe pro sharepoint. accomplishments supported svp through personal document management calendar organization and collateral preparation for meetings. experience administrative assistant 10/2014 to 11/2015 provide administrative support to director of operations and plant manager including managing their complex calendars and making domestic and international travel arrangements. prepare presentations and assist in creation and editing of monthly newsletter. prepare global reports compile management reports. reconcile expense reports. organize off site meetings and career fairs. open sort and distribute incoming correspondence including faxes and email. coordinate catering for luncheons and other meetings. administrative assistant ii 09/2013 to 09/2014 provided administrative support to chief academic officer and vp of research. managed calendars for two busy corporate executives while ensuring deadlines and time lines were met. managed technology and c partner/stakeholder relationships. transcribed/compiled meeting minutes. reviewed and processed expense reports. coordinated department meetings and trainings. arranged travel. performed payroll functions such as maintained timekeeping information and processed and submitted payroll. proofread and ensured policies were followed. managed paper or
__label__HEALTHCARE patient care technician professional patient care technician professional summary proficient and caring nursing team member offering over 6 years of patient-facing experience. adept at addressing patient needs with compassionate care and attention to detail. diligent about maximizing satisfaction safety and wellness while serving patients of all backgrounds. skills patient services feeding assistance qualified in patient transport adaptable professional bedside manner culturally-competent care mobility assistance aptitude infection control and aseptic procedures documenting behaviors patient assessments conducting intakes data entry measuring bodily fluids direct patient care inpatient care patient privacy charting and clinical documentation recording vital signs work history patient care technician 03/2015 to current under the direction of the nurse manager or designee the patient care technician assists the work of the registered nurse to meet the needs of patients in order to provide safe quality care implements progressive mobility guidelines. ambulating turning and repositioning patients. uses patient handling equipment in the tasks of lifting transferring repositioning and transporting patients. may also transport patients within the medical center and deliver and pick up specimens and prescriptions assisting with activities of daily living including but not limited to feeding bathing toileting providing water answering the phone and oral care. patient monitoring obtaining recording and reporting vital
__label__CHEF line chef summary cook line chef summary cook with 16 years of experience cooking in various environments. prior work as prep cook line chef and sous chef. motivated offering over years experience in the food industry. focused on high standards for taste and quality while maintaining profitable margins. superior communication and leadership skills. i am very personable. i love working hands on with people and have worked in various field with customers and ensuring their satisfaction of their product. line cook with years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. highlights strong attention to safe food handling procedures attention to detail hospitality and service industry background ability to receive critique fast learner fast paced environment is ideal ability to delegate strong people person strong communication skills open minded .focused and disciplined.high volume production capability focus on portion and cost control high volume production capability well-tuned palette focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity experience line chef april 2013 to december 2013 prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes portioning cooking and waste
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary highly teacher professional summary highly organized and detail-oriented administrative professional with more than 10 years experience supplying thorough organized administrative support to senior executives. skills filing and data archiving employee training and development critical thinker microsoft office excel publisher powerpoint word multi-line phone proficiency advanced clerical knowledge invoice processing accounting familiarity appointment setting social media knowledge works well under pressure excellent planner and coordinator accurate and detailed customer service-oriented articulate and well-spoken database management teaching/tutoring technological instruction effective time management work history teacher 08/2013 to current develop and implement engaging effective student-centered lessons in reading phonics math science social studies writing and language arts. use activities songs/raps and materials to enhance student learning and self-esteem. create multi-sensory literacy and content based workstations. conducted parent conferences faculty and team meetings actively participated in activities which included assessing student progress assigning grades taking attendance recess duty keeping parents/guardians informed through weekly progress reports/behavior charts phone calls and email. teacher intern 01/2013 to 05/2013 develop and implement engaging effective student-centered lessons in all subject areas for a diverse group of second grade special and regular education students. use activities songs and materials to enhance student learning and self-esteem. designed and implemented an interactive science
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager experience engineering engineering manager experience engineering manager february 2008 to current supervisor tom mosca vp manufacturing manager of tool room tool service and punch manufacturing departments manager of engineering drafting cnc programming and lean/continuous improvement engineering support for supervisors and shop floor with emphasis on problem solving research planning and execution of capital projects design and engineering calculations for custom architectural products and fabrications cost estimating of fabricating work and architectural projects design and develop perforating punch tooling cnc programming of whitney punch/plasma cnc programming of trumpf press brake research and implement new manufacturing processes train employees in the operation of new equipment and new manufacturing processes lead research and development efforts for high precision products assist outside sales with customer visits and technical proposals provide technical support to inside customer service and interact with customers work with customers and outside tooling vendors to design automotive stamping dies support for maintenance and operation of perforating stamping and throat presses manufacturing engineer october 2004 to february 2008 supervisor dave rollison owner cost estimating from customer supplied parts or drawings creation of shop floor routing for parts and assemblies cnc programming of amada turret presses scheduling and supervision of entire shop train shop personnel
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY corporate project manager career corporate project manager career overview seasoned project manager driven to achieve results through strategic planning and professional relationship building. success in developing beneficial alliances between leaders to effectively drive growth and achieve goals. dedicated to building strong teams within an organization through motivation and strong development. effective in fostering collaboration and consultative relationships with senior management and across traditional boundaries highlighting inflection points of technology decisions. technical leader with broad experience brings focus on big picture business impacts of technology projects real costs practical benefits risks and contingencies. adaptable - skilled at supporting individuals building systems handling problems as well as managing teams training developing strategies policies and processes. qualifications strategic planning / visioning tactical execution manpower planning scheduling sdlc methodology/ problem change software application lifecycle management management sla authoring resource allocation expense budgeting forecasting team-building front-line leadership technology upgrades training led highly visible initiatives to develop define and manage the execution of several ground up it infrastructure and application integrations through corporate acquisitions and divestitures while successfully balancing resources timelines and budgets. experience in complete project management life cycle including planning execution monitor control and closure. document business performance expectations benchmark standards and develop guidelines. interfaced with key stakeholders
__label__DESIGNER kichen/bath designer sales professional kichen/bath designer sales professional summary i have experienced most phases of architectural and interior design over my years in the business. i began in commercial design space planning specifying and decorating offices including reception areas conference rooms large and small cubicle spaces using steelcase stow davis and westinghouse asd aka knoll . i have designed medical/dental offices and hospital areas retail spaces showrooms trade show exhibits salons restaurants night clubs apartment floor plans and complex site plans etc. in the residential field i have designed and supervised construction of a number of entire homes and major remodeling projects including all specifications and the final decorating. i have specialized in all phases of window treatments from measuring to installation. i have specialized in kitchen/bath and storage design. i am familiar with building codes and have been skillful at trade-specific cad programs. i have also done site planning and landscape design. at one point i was involved in site planning and development of an entire subdivision. work history 06/1998 to 04/2000 kichen/bath designer sales began in client cabinet countertop appliance sales which includes on-site measuring space-planning design style finish selection ordering and follow-through with installation oversight. consulted with clients to determine architectural
__label__FITNESS sales associate summary customer sales associate summary customer service oriented associate with over two years worth of experience working with the public and over 1 year s worth of money-handling experience. core competencies include customer rapport ability to maintain a positive attitude and subtle persuasiveness by relating to the customer. passionate and self motivated with a drive to achieve excellence inside as well as outside of the workplace. highlights exceptional customer service sales expertise excellent communication skills customer rapport development basic microsoft office skills thrive in fast-paced environment experience 03/2016 to current sales associate received and processed cash and credit payments for purchases as well as payments to dillard s credit card. opened lines of credit. opened and closed the counter including counting cash opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments. worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. made courtesy calls to existing customers for upcoming event information and debuting new merchandise. 11/2015 to 02/2016 receptionist conduct outgoing phone calls to collect members billing information and process payments. operate microsoft lync to answer screen and forward calls providing information taking messages and scheduling appointments. resolve customer complaints or redirect them to appropriate management. 02/2015 to
__label__ARTS library aide full-time professional library aide full-time professional summary high school graduate of june 2008 accepted by broward county as an intern within the aviation department undergoing practical training experiencing what it is actually like working within the aviation/airport industry for a least a year henceforth resulting into a proactive library aide full-time with seven years of relevant hands on experience in diverse office settings and exceptional people skills.versed in excellent multi-tasking communication and presentation skills subsequent to extraordinary computer ingenuity. a self-motivated energetic extremely organized and responsible individual fluent in english with admirable writing and oral skills also capable to work with deadlines moreover a very hard working and dynamic team player with high hopes in filling the front desk administrative/recruiter position core qualifications excellent communication skills client-focused exceptional telephone etiquette file/records maintenance microsoft office computer proficient excel in customer service ability to multi-task work well independently with limited supervision ability to take directions well ability to prioritize and remain focused on the essence of an issue proficient at learning new concepts exhibits self-motivation and a positive attitude adapts well to changing conditions experience library aide full-time june 2009 to current responsibilities include assisting customers at the circulation desk by answer questions identifying
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary experienced detail-oriented accountant summary experienced detail-oriented accountant who effectively manages multiple projects and possesses superior organizational and communication skills is seeking a challenging position. skills billing and collections ms office suite accounts payable accounting software accounts receivable written and verbal communication skills job costing journal entries reconciliations pivot tables notary commissioned experience accountant sep 2012 to current promoted from account clerk to accountant. performs general ledger reconciliation. trains new employees on accounting principles and procedures. creates periodic reports comparing budgeted costs to actual costs. weekly draw down cash from the of missouri utilizing the financial reporting system. facilitates accounts receivable including billing and collections. processes accounts payable using sage software. manages many budgets for several grants awards and contracts. documents fiscal procedures and revises slate s fiscal manual as needed. forecasting for several programs and departments as requested. administrative assistant jun 2006 to jun 2011 managed office supplies vendors organization and upkeep. cash management for various projects. managed school picture program. managed parking tag program. directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. greeted numerous visitors including vips vendors and interview candidates. facilitated the changes to the student handbook each year.
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist professional information technology specialist professional summary to secure a position as an information technology in a challenging and competitive environment where my information systems and network development design diagnostics which will fully utilized and offer new and refreshing ideas in an environment for improvement and efficiency in networking and security related areas and offer an opportunity for advancement. troubleshooting and analytical skills with capacity to accurately identify and assess problems before providing expert solutions. dedicated to providing quality customer support consistently meet or exceed client needs by providing service beyond expectation. communication and interpersonal skills with abitility to listen effectively respond appropriately and maintain mutual comfort level while relating to a diverse group of individuals. proven project management abilities able to assume multiple responsibilities and remain productive within time-sensitive and fast-paced environments. recognized for professionalism thoroughness and commitment to quality and teamwork. ready to assume new challenges to meet or succeed objectives. core qualifications platforms windows xp windows 7 server 2003 server 2008 hardware pc s dell servers hp proliant servers hp-ux sun servers and printers set up and installation applications ms office symantec active directory vmware vsphere bsm hp business service management nnmi - ispi similar to netview hpna hp
__label__ARTS culinary arts instructor executive culinary arts instructor executive profile i am seeking a responsible and challenging position that offers opportunities for personal and professional growth in a culinary environment such as fine dining to high-end hotel catering or education. i prefer a position in education or management. so that i can utilize my skills gained during the past 16 years as a teacher supervisor trainer team player and problem-solver. skill highlights over 16 years of supervisor experience this includes production operations export and domestic shipping receiving inventory control ordering budgeting and distribution. also responsible for inventory in system applications and products sap . conduct inventory plans and select teams for a monthly cycle count of over 5000 materials supervise while earning respect from others maintain transactions in sap for all warehouse shipping and inventory functions sap system knowledge. microsoft office computer small and larger appliances maintain timeliness and quality in high volume kitchen quality control strong leadership skills very skillful in teaching coaching motivating training employees and students core accomplishments staff development launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12 increase in productivity. managed classes of up to 7 to 30 students. professional experience
__label__ADVOCATE school success advocate accomplishments school success advocate accomplishments ymca camp orkila orcas island wa adventure team facilitator 2011 facilitated all of the low and high challenge course elements many group initiatives the rock climbing wall and the bmx course at camp planned activities to encourage personal growth and led extensive training in team building. leadership completed a 5-day intensive training facilitated by synergo on challenge course facilitation facilitated team-building activities pushed youth to identify their limits and challenge themselves and facilitated reflection activities to encourage students to learn from their experiences. accomplishments chosen by girls lead to facilitate a group of young female campers focused on multi-cultural leadership service and wellness aided in program coordination encouraged youth self-awareness and self-confidence. experience 01/2015 to current school success advocate facilitate an extended day program for 15 high school freshmen providing academic support and assisting in the development of social and school success skills in a safe and positive learning environment. leadership communicate bilingually on a weekly basis with student families conduct home visits and hold family meetings serve as a liaison between the school and family to build relationships and increase access to information partner with teachers and counselors in an effort to support student academic
__label__DESIGNER pre-press graphic designer summary pre-press graphic designer summary creative hardworking designer seeking a full-time desktop job educated as a graphic artist past experience in business world as a desktop publisher laying out designs for printed mail and advertisements in local government designing new websites with graphics for different agencies within the system and later for the same government printing and reproduction center creating documents to be printed off a press or copiers. skills adobe indesign photoshop illustrator and acrobat professional strongly familiar with microsoft word excel powerpoint and publisher / also quarkxpress basic knowledge of web development with adobe dreamweaver html wordpress able to perform graphic design and administrative functions able to work as a team player and independently experienced using phone fax email copiers and printers provides excellent customer service in-person by phone email or interoffice mail prioritizes and calmly handles multiple projects and requests listens to directions takes notes for later reference follows procedures knowledge of design setup on computer for jobs to be printed by outside vender or in-office copiers experience 01/2008 to current pre-press graphic designer create new designs for variety of items like manuals newsletters and posters. use templates for updated documents like envelopes letterheads and business cards. proof
__label__HR hr coordinator summary applicant hr coordinator summary applicant screening background checks benefits administration compliance compensation drug testing eeo inquiries employee relations event planning full-cycle recruitment interviewing investigations new hire orientation performance evaluations reference checks policy procedure administration training and development worker s compensation unemployment claims. accomplishments chair employee diversity council kindred healthcare 2009-2010 employee satisfaction survey achievement 50 increase in survey scores within a year kindred healthcare. employee of the month-2005 academic counselor university of phoenix . performance achievement award-1998-account executive xerox corporation. total quality management training-1999 xerox document university. experience january 2014 to current hr coordinator develops and coordinates a comprehensive employee recruitment selection and placement program for all exceptional education teacher vacancies and for the teacher vacancies at the alternative school amelia street real school and thirteen acres. seeks out interviews screens and recruits applicants to fill existing and future position vacancies. coordinates with the licensure associate to ensure applicants meet licensure qualifications. refers qualified teachers to administrators for interview. develops comprehensive recruiting partnerships with colleges universities associations and other school divisions. develops recruitment presentations for teacher applicants and conducts on-campus and job fairs orientations for potential applicants. ensures that all employment interviewers are trained and recruitment materials are accurate. ensures that
__label__ARTS adjunct faculty zanvyl kreiger adjunct faculty zanvyl kreiger school of arts and sciences advanced academic programs profile experienced field application scientist with a unique balance of comprehensive academic wet-bench experience across all research sectors a strategic understanding of scientific business including field marketing and technical sales along with an ability to work alongside dynamic intelligent teammates to close business for the team. areas of expertise time and territory management molecular biology techniques assay design/development presentation skills dna/rna sequencing pcr cell biology/tissue culture data analysis/software product specialist/fas experience february 2013 to december 2015 adjunct faculty zanvyl kreiger school of arts and sciences advanced academic programs co-designed and lectured for 12-14 graduate students attending the high throughput screening hts and automation lab course designed and executed 7 labs across the spectrum of detection chemistries commonly used in hts labs throughout the semester provided lectures on the complex physical chemistry principles of all reagents used in the hts labs helped educate graduate students on the unique techniques used in an hts lab as well as the unique instrumentation software analysis and experimental designs used in these settings created quizzes exams and a final comprehensive exam required for grading purposes as. november 2005 to current senior field application
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior project manager professional senior project manager professional summary ambitious construction executive experienced in commercial construction with over 30+ years of experience. proactive resourceful and hardworking with strong follow-through. excellent problem-solving and time management abilities. skills advanced problem solving project planning and development finance and accounting employee relations team building negotiations expert strategic planning contract review and recommendations work history senior project manager august 2017 - current opening of denver operations for mccauley constructors establishing protocols procedures and reporting mechanisms for a satellite location procurement and management of teams to establish a stand-alone profit center act as the liaison with main office representatives to provide information on activities of the satellite location actively project manage 3 to 5 projects in the 5 to 10 million range. monitored the market to capitalize on the latest trends. supervised the work of team members offering constructive feedback on their work performance. monitored timelines and flagged potential issues to be addressed. collaborated with the pre-construction department to ensure accurate and complete project budgets. president november 2010 - august 2017 qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts. facilitated processing of rfi s submittals and samples among the general contractor the owner and the owner s consultants. educated
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction helper summary hardworking construction helper summary hardworking and experienced construction worker who is dependable reliable and knowledgeable about the tools materials and methods used in construction.motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. with three years of experience in the carpentry trade and construction. highlights residential construction leadership exceptional problem solver sandbagging excellent driving record strong communication skills friendly and hardworking detail-oriented accomplishments led a crew of eight general construction laborers. successfully ran a general contracting business of two houses. experience july 2008 to january 2010 construction helper extensively trained in carpentry painting plastering machine servicing and installation. cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. removed old roofing materials in an efficient manner.installed and repaired roofs flashings and surfaces. completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.swept and cleaned roofs to prepare them for the application of new roofing materials.applied paint to unfinished edges of plastic panels using a hand roller.arranged and stored materials machines tools and equipment.cut materials to specified sizes for installation using power saws and tile cutters.transported materials tools and machines to installation sites.worked with tools such as pruning saws hedge and brush trimmers and axes. may 2007 to september 2007 carpenter helper installed cabinets base cabinets
__label__ENGINEERING director of engineering summary director of engineering summary director / vice president of operations engineering supply chain industries capital goods manufacturing gaming technology consistent on time product launches during s largest growth period successful implementations of lean factory methodology summary 12 years manufacturing operations engineering gsc npi/npd project management erp systems configuration management data analytics and business intelligence. skilled at mixed model cellular production lean factory data-driven kpi s for electromechanical manufacturing with progressive increase in leadership responsibility and a proven record of culture turnaround and team performance highlights omnex 16 high performance leadership toolkit 14 crucial conversations vitalsmarts inc. 12 microsoft project management essentials 11 microsoft sharepoint essentials 10 technology skills autocad siemens plm solidworks pdm tableau powerbi cognos tm1 ms access project visio sharepoint designer jira confluence ms dynamics ax gp epicor published inventor - uspto #8 684 847 commercialized 1m revenue per year experience director of engineering 01/2004 to 01/2016 capital goods manufacturer software developer for hospitality gaming 1b sales 3k employees major customers las vegas sands mgm resorts caesars entertainment wynn resorts boyd gaming 14 - 16 director of manufacturing engineering operations engineering reported to vp operations 3 direct report teams 15 indirect engineers analysts and technicians directed all product
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY head information technology and head information technology and information center executive profile visionary leader of it organizations during a 20+ year career at fortune 500 companies. as schering-plough s first sap center of excellence leader led business process and technology re-engineering efforts and developed a global sap strategy for the organization. noted for business / technology acumen collaborative style and communication skills. experienced in rfp development and vendor selection. track record of execution and delivering investment returns. well versed in intercultural business communication and practices including remote management of globally dispersed organizations. professional experience head information technology and information center march 2015 - provide leadership and direction to the gms information center - a collection of data scientists and analysts dedicated to the production of high-value analytics to support manufacturing. director supply chain and logistics information technology october 2010 to march 2015 - established supply chain technology direction for global manufacturing organization. established the gms information center - an organization dedicated to providing advanced analytical capabilities to support the manufacturing organization. delivered key transformational projects including demand planning solution sap apo supply planning and sales and operations planning kinaxis rapidresponse inventory optimization kinaxis rapidresponse provide leadership and direction to delivery and business analysis teams
__label__SALES sales associate summary i sales associate summary i have been with ibc for nearly a year and i am looking forward to continuing my carreer as the sales lead for the moore branch. i am determined to help my branch continue to grow and i am excited to continue to develop our tellers and sales associates into outstanding motivaded and productive ibc employees. i tried my very best to make sure our customers were satisfied and had a great experience at our dealership. maintained a positive attitude throughout the day despite any difficult situations that may have presented themselves. experience 10/2015 to current sales associate i am responsible for opening all types of accounts personal and business and collecting all the required documentation for those accounts. i am also responsible for ensuring that all proper documents are signed scanned and saved to the appropriate systems. i perform routine maintenance on all accounts. i prepare consumer and small business loan applications complete with all supporting documents and send them to the appropriate loan liason. i prepare legal document review forms along with any/all supporting documents death certificates marriage licenses trust documents wills etc. and send them to our legal department for review. after i hear
__label__SALES sales summary i am sales summary i am clearly a loyal and friendly dedicated individual who has an ambition to succeed in any given environment. although i have extensive experience in the perishable meats and seafood industry. i love to learn and am always up to a challenge whatever the situation. i get along well with others whilst also working efficiently on my own. i am seeking a position where i can develop and excel while giving my best to an employer. skills literate ms excel microsoft word as400. experience may 2004 to august 2007 sales responsible for sales and marketing fresh meat products and keeping accounts in balance. responsible for resets new store openings. april 1997 to may 2004 sales and marketing responsible for package meat products and keeping accounts in. balance. responsible for cost effective advertising. lines sunnyland foods lykes ball. park tennessee pride foster farms corn dogs gwaltney etc. february 1972 to march 1996 key account sales representative promote and market sunnyland products in georgia south carolina and florida. received. s highest sales award 1974 1978 1983 1985 and 1988. education and training management training programs at florida - dudley m. hughes macon georgia may 1966 - jul 1968 graduated 2
__label__TEACHER teacher accomplishments monitor school teacher accomplishments monitor school districts in delinquent status and recommend warrants to withhold funds administered by the texas education agency with an effort to collect outstanding dues selected to be a trs innovative committee member in 2015 for the purpose of improving business processes and increase productivity. upon completion management has recognized the participating members for the project s outstanding results time and effort rewarded for outstanding performance in 2015 for the handling of numerous issues trs faced throughout the implementation of a new health care vendor responsible to handle the billing eligibility and health insurance enrollment to more than 500k members awarded with a monetary raise after successful completion of my bachelors degree program reconcile statement of accounts including researching any outstanding invoices and resolve existing discrepancies in order to avoid unwanted payment delays recognized for work ethics great customer service skills and involvement as a team player experience teacher march 2013 to current senior accountant responsible for auditing the third party vendor s health insurance billing generated for participating school districts within the entire of texas. monitor school districts in delinquent status and recommend warrants to withhold funds administered by the texas education agency with an effort to
__label__AVIATION aviation maintenance technician profile aviation maintenance technician profile forward-thinking aviation maintenance technician with hands-on experience performing quality troubleshooting of all aviation mechanical and electrical subsystems. professional experience aviation maintenance technician may 2010 to july 2014 21st may 2010 accepted and deployed to aviation maintenance school. completed 20 weeks of full time aviation maintenance school in which i was taught how to inspect service maintain troubleshoot and repair aircraft engines auxiliary power units propellers rotor systems power train systems and associated airframe and systems-specific electrical components. we serviced maintained and repaired aircraft fuselages wings rotor blades fixed and movable flight control surfaces and also bleed aircraft air hydraulic and fuel systems. i was also trained to filled aircrew positions such as flight engineer flight mechanic loadmaster dropmaster sensor-systems operator and basic aircrewman. united states ceremonial honor guardsman november 2007 to may 2010 7th january 2008 hand selected by drill instructors to serve two years in the coast guard honor guard stationed in washington d.c. where i represented the coast guard in high profile events around the world. setup department mechanic january 2005 to november 2007 worked for for the largest motorcycle dealer/maintenance in reno nevada. july 2005 i was in charge of three personnel to
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT international business development manager international business development manager summary charismatic business professional with expertise in business development product strategy marketing and sales . effectively built sales department from 10 to 50 of total revenue over a 10 year term. vastly experienced in international distribution development. highlights business development inventory management sales analysis forecasting marketing product strategy bilingual - english/spanish experience 02/2010 to current international business development manager identify global product opportunities perform market analysis and create product briefs outlining new collections. lead cross-departmental team responsible for creating product launch process calendar to ensure timely execution and clear communication. manage special project requests to identify the value of the project potential growth in the market and work with product development marketing and sales to execute. develop pricing strategy and manage pricing model to boost brand profitability. analyze sales history and market trends to optimize inventory levels at overseas warehouse providing product to global partners in a timely manner resulting in lower overhead and storage costs. produce and communicate quarterly key performance indicators kpi reports. liaise with product development marketing departments and regional directors to develop new product for global consumers. develop maintain and support 37 international sales and distribution accounts in 76 countries for victorinox
__label__SALES sales associate professional summary sales associate professional summary food service worker with fast food retail and customer service experience. trained in food safety and handling. highlights neat clean and professional appearance delivers exceptional customer service reliable team worker skills work history sales associate 08/2013 to 01/2014 computed sales prices total purchases and processed payments. described merchandise and explain operation of merchandise to customers. maintained knowledge of current promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. placed special orders and called other stores to find desired items. operated a cash register to process cash check and credit card transactions. guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape. administered all point of sale opening and closing procedures. explained information about the quality value and style of products to influence customer buying decisions. replenished floor stock and processed shipments to ensure product availability for customers. barista 02/2013 to 07/2013 took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. correctly received orders processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns. served fresh hot food with a smile in a timely manner. communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management. cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction and site manager construction and site manager / site execution coordinator summary registered professional engineer with extensive experience in global project and construction management. team player adept at building relationships and communicating with multi-national project personnel contractors management and other stakeholders. resourceful problem solver capable of making sound decisions under pressure. self-starter skilled in guiding challenging high-workload projects from inception to turnover-safely on schedule and within budget-despite limited resources. proficient with microsoft office and adobe pro. expertise encompasses bid specification preparation contract negotiations profit loss responsibility budget administration/development expense control and management leader worksite safety team building mentoring workflow planning facility management maintenance civil environmental structural engineering refinery water wastewater pipelines management of change moc knowledge of various codes/standards api astm aisc dot cfr 192 195 psm engineering refining offshore/inland water projects project scope development and management process hazard analyses pha leader/participant pipeline hot tap stopple skills project management construction management team building cost and schedule control bid specification preparation contract negotiations profit loss responsibility budget administration/development expense control and management engineering refining offshore/inland water projects interpersonal communication skills excellent written and verbal skills excellent communication skills leader worksite safety team building mentoring workflow planning facility management maintenance civil environmental structural engineering refinery
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager skill business development manager skill highlights microsoft office suite outlook salesforce.com crm customer relationship management virtual and cloud computing environment professional experience business development manager july 2010 to current sales and marketing of utility engineering and design services including staff augmentation to mid-sized companies and investor-owned utilities. clients include lg e-ku ekpc at t time warner and industrial/commercial. double digit increase in sales by developing strong relationships with clients staff partners and management from initial contact through implementation. proven ability in building brand awareness through various marketing techniques. responsible for launch of new turn-key energy saving business segment in january 2012 resulting in 500 000 in new business within 7 months. received first purchase for new business in 46 days from start of service. selling roi to c-suite and building owners. achieved goal of 1 000 000 + in pipeline in 180 days. 1 056 737 in quoted business for 22 new clients. account executive november 2009 to june 2010 sales and marketing of lean six sigma consulting services to small and mid-sized companies. consulting and solution skills applied for marketing to small-to-mid-sized companies in the greater louisville and lexington markets. green belt training in lean six sigma. senior account executive
__label__AVIATION aviation maintenance egress leading aviation maintenance egress leading petty officer leading petty officer summary to obtain a position that will utilize my unique technical and management skills acquired during my military career. maintains an active government secret security clearance expert in aviation environmental control and egress systems quality assurance maintenance management training and safety. proficient in microsoft word excel and power point. collateral duty inspector on egress/environmental control systems for 8 years. collateral duty quality assurance representative for aviation egress and ordnance systems for 5 years. full systems quality assurance representative 1 year. quality assurance safety observer for cads/pads 6 years. f/a-18e/f low power engine/apu turn operator qualified f/a-18 super hornet plane captain. assuming responsibilities of daily/turnaround inspections servicing and operation of twelve 65 million dollar aircraft ensuring all are in full mission capable status. diligently showing expertise in emergency procedures and ground safety for 31 fighter pilots/aircrew and 245 maintenance personnel. aviation gas free engineer/confined space entry supervisor and safety observer. excellent communication team building and leadership abilities. experience aviation maintenance egress leading petty officer leading petty officer october 2001 to current meritorious unit commendation. accomplishing over 3 000 mishap free flight hours while maintaining a safe work environment. awarded humanitarian service medal
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager career business development manager career focus self-motivated former service member with an over 8 year career in environmental management and administration. seeking a meaningful and challenging career opportunity with a governmental agency and or aerospace that will allow for its full and complete utilization of my background experience education and personable and professional talents. qualifications veteran of the united states armed services. service experience in supportive counseling to personnel and families. ability to read write and communicate effectively. advanced experience with microsoft office. various database experience public and private. bachelors in social ecology i.e psychology sociology public and social. employment history business development manager june 2015 to current - increased sales and maximize revenue close daily business deals. marketing and research for new business market segments. identify and build relationship with new potential us customers. manage daily sales and accounting operations. marketing manager june 2014 to june 2015 - research and market for new potential customers. attend industry exhibitions to market product. identify opportunities for sales maintain and build existing customers. senior field technician february 2012 to january 2014 - collecting preserving and handling of environmental samples. quality assurance quality control data quality and reporting. maintain understanding of local federal and
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations marketing manager public relations marketing manager summary driven public relations/marketing/media expert bringing extensive knowledge of media production messaging communications and dissemination techniques and methods. excellent oral and written communication skills with demonstrated success in developing impactful strategic media marketing and public relations plans. superb writer and editor who communicates effectively with target audiences through strategic brand management and pr campaigns. public relations specialist with 20+years in marketing and pr. poised and competent team builder and natural leader who thrives in fast-paced corporate environments. highlights promotional campaigns relationship building expert project management copywriting and copyediting deadline-driven exceptional writer sponsorships exceptional multi-tasker decisive problem solver persuasive negotiator organized and efficient motivated team player account management direct marketing campaigns excellent written and verbal communicator start-up background microsoft office suite expert enthusiastic team player self-directed media relations accomplishments hired trained and managed a team of number successful product managers.launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base from number to number customers.initiated groundbreaking pr campaign for a television which secured number additional public interest compared against earlier efforts.initiated a public relations campaign for a non-profit on a tight budget raising over amount .nominated products for awards and successfully captured number major industry awards.led to receive the
__label__FITNESS guest lecturer accomplishments heart guest lecturer accomplishments heart zones level 1 personal trainer galter lifecenter 2005 - current diana dimas page 2 north park university 2011 current group exercise instructor certifications bosu schwinn cycling group power group step group active group core group ride r30 group groove shockwave arthritis chair matter of balnce galter lifecenter 2005 - current north park univeristy 2013 current publications and papers building your personal fitness strategy galter lifecenter member newsletter 2010. experience guest lecturer strength and conditioning 2013 2014 personal health 2014 guest speaker introduction to sports management. fitness supervisor january 2014 galter lifecenter 2010 current responsible for supervising and/or performing the day to day functions of the fitness specialists fitness coaches interns fitness consults and overall safety on the fitness floor. hire train and evaluate fitness specialists and interns compile and report outcome metrics and monitor quality in all fitness testing aspects. fundamental fitness instructor galter lifecenter. instructor teach the fundamentals of exercise and fitness. principles to beginner exercisers and adults with chronic. diseases. personal trainer january 2011 to current education m.a physical education 1 2011 north park university physical education b.a psychology and sports medicine fitness management 1 2003 north park university psychology and sports medicine fitness
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction services project manager construction services project manager summary dedicated property/ facilities specialist with more than 10 years overseeing a diversified portfolio of commercial properties totaling over 1 million square feet and residential properties with a combined total of over 1 000 units. successful and experienced manager poficient in budgeting planning bidding purchasing staffing supervision and improvement implementation of commercial and residential projects. adept in customer relations marketing sales leasing and collections versed in all aspects of operating maintaining leasing marketing staffing financial reviews and budgeting is seeking a permanent position as a facilities specialist/ property manager . highlights multi-family property management commercial property management mortgages and loans sales and marketing skilled multi-tasker microsoft office knowledge of leasing and market conditions new construction renovation remodeling and remediation flexible schedule proficient at portfolio due diligence accomplishments decreased operating costs by number by implementing new cost control procedures. implemented new rent collection procedures increasing rental income for year . developed annual budgets including determining short and long-term goals to support the overall profit and growth objectives. managed a portfolio consisting of approximately number sites comprising approximately number square feet. trained and mentored number new employees each year. experience 01/1994 to 01/2008 construction services project manager provided
__label__DESIGNER marketing coordinator/graphic designer professional marketing coordinator/graphic designer professional summary passionate person with two years of experience as a marketing coordinator. strong adaptability to new working environment and willing to learn new skills and take on new challenges. skilled in designing campaign materials and promotional items using indesign and illustrator. seeking a position in marketing with a on a long-term basis who is looking for a hardworking goal-oriented team player. core qualifications excellent mandarin chinese writing and speaking skills. computer knowledge ms word ms excel ms powerpoint ms outlook windows 7 mac osx cs indesign cs illustrator experience marketing coordinator/graphic designer january 2013 to december 2013 - coursework and project case studies in advertising and public relations through investigation of real ad and pr cases specifically targeting the influence of advertising in asia such as china japan and korea setting up advertising objectives creating advertising campaigns and measuring advertising effectiveness. completed project advertising to children in japan research of oreo campaigns theories models and practices in integrated marketing communication set up personal initial preparation included market research establishing a mission statement targeting audience setting core values positioning lines a marketing words what used to be called slogans swot strengths weaknesses opportunities and threats establishing the
__label__BANKING assistant banking center manager assistant banking center manager accomplishments outstanding bank manager experience january 2011 to october 2014 assistant banking center manager oversaw a team of five bankers that executed all sales activities established and achieved sales goals through effective sales management techniques. recruited trained and mentored staff on client profiling conducting sales meetings and closing deals. exceeded goals and expectations conducted skills assessment performance management development feedback and coaching of employees and sales force. utilized consultative sales approach to define customer goals and develop solutions that cultivated strong relationships with customers. managed of day-to-day branch operations including problem resolution customer service sales and over-seeing the banking center team responsible for maintaining all compliance and operation issues and audits of the branch specific to applicable federal local laws and regulations as well as comerica policies and procedures ensured reconcilements and balanced items are resolved on a timely basis proof corrections nsf and return items reg d reg cc large item review teller balancing monitoring and correction oversaw the servicing of customer accounts and ensured changes were handled in a timely manner including research requests and/or additional information as requested researched wrote and reviewed operating procedures to keep branches and deposit operations up-to-date on policies
__label__FINANCE finance specialist summary highly finance specialist summary highly motivated and results-oriented professional with two years of experience in high-pressure finance and accounting environments. innovative and adaptive thinker who constantly seeks to improve efficiencies and profitability highlights variance analysis financial modeling superior time management account reconciliation advanced excel salesforce board report preparation 10-q and 10-k accomplishments reduced cost of processing payments in accounts payables by 95 from approximately 1.00 per check to 0.05 per payment team leader for new development process purchase loan accounting and implementation of supporting saas evolv. added 300 000 to monthly income or approximately 43 of ebt. experience 09/2014 to current finance specialist - added detail-oriented results-driven and efficient mindset to finance team of five. accounts payable prepaid expenses and fixed assets. acquisition of riverside bank in december 2014 that increased total assets from 550 million to 850 million. purchase loan accounting - m a process that generated an additional 40 of monthly income on the job learning opportunity that greatly improved troubleshooting and problem solving skills. team leader in the implementation and use of software from primatics financial evolv . coordinated with consultants primatics financial staff and coworkers to meet all project deadlines. wrote procedures for monthly processing of purchase
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS hostess professional summary undergraduate hostess professional summary undergraduate student completing a bachelor s degree in august 2016 that practices efficient project and time management skills leadership and experience with various fields of work. multiple job experiences in curating social media marketing and public relations. able to adapt in new and unfamiliar territory. detail-oriented with strong technical skills and the ability to learn concepts quickly who also exhibits excellent communication skills ad strong motivation to succeed. skill highlights brand development multi-media marketing google analytics hootsuite and social media proficient microsoft office relationship building expert deadline-driven exceptional writer organized and efficient experience march 2016 to current hostess take necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues seat guests resolve guest complaints promptly and professionally communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management performed general maintenance duties including mopping floors washing dishes wiping counter tops and windows checking bathrooms december 2015 to january 2016 student intern completed 80 hours worked as an intern observing daily routines learned and operated with physical therapy equipment assisted alongside the doctor and pta s with patients practiced customer service tactics with patients learned and operated webpt operating system scheduled appointments for patients may 2015 to september
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare administration intern professional healthcare administration intern professional summary to find a position that will utilize my knowledge while working in tandem with in a highly-regarded setting. skilled at communicating organizing and solving problems to raise the stature and rankings of health care facilities. skills strong p resentation skills effective staff coach strategic planning capability planning and development supervisory training analytical thinker supervisory training quality improvement competency independent judgment and decision making work history healthcare administration intern 01/2014 to 04/2014 conducted a feasibility study on 12 10 and eight hour shifts by compiling statistics. handled detail work including make and maintaining a work schedule for 16 employees. proposed new ideas for the holiday and schedule guidelines. worked with a lean coach budget director human recourse pay roll reprehensive to get an over view of how things are ran in the department. worked with tight deadlines. skillfully developed departmental goals objectives standards of performance policies and procedures. organized the department in accordance with administrative guidelines in order to provide specified nursing services to meet the legal organizational and medical staff guidelines. interpreted and communicated new or revised policies to staff. led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and
__label__HEALTHCARE sr. project manager profile sr. project manager profile information technology professional with a diverse background and 10+ years of progressive experience as an experienced it professional consistently delivering exceptional vendor solutions third party development resources project resources and program management results. proven track record and experience with multiple large full-scale full life cycle implementations managing both functional and technical teams while provide operations and maintenance support in achieving corporate goals core qualifications web content management business case development leading execution and delivery vendor management contract negotiations product roadmaps financial management sustainable applications management internal and external communication strong analytical skills cross-tier components implementation project management information security document management testing excellent problem solving skills content management systems technical skills skills experience total years last used windows vmware sql mobile development professional experience sr. project manager 08/2012 to current responsible for software lifecycle in the cloud realization group manages multiple projects that involve planning development of business and technical requirements testing deployment and operational support of new products and features for at t s cloud services leads cross-functional project team meetings coordinates resources facilitates communication with stakeholders and drives project tasks issues and action items to completion or resolution develops and manages detailed project documentation
__label__SALES sales summary general sales sales summary general sales manager offering 17-year background in sales and customer service as well as leading a cohesive team in consistently achieving aggressive sales goals. highlights excellent communication skills established track record of exceptional sales results effective retail sales manager exceptional multi-tasker compelling leadership skills resolution-oriented energetic excellent time management experience april 2014 to current sales successfully assisted clients in choosing floor covering that was consistent with their preferences and budget. described use and operation of merchandise to customers. ensured that the project vision and design intent were reflected. shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. opened and closed the store including counting cash opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments. wrote sales slips and sales contracts. january 2005 to june 2013 general sales manager identify staff vacancies and recruit interview and select applicants. determine staffing requirements and interview hire and train new employees or oversee those personnel processes. plan and direct staffing training and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs. provide current and prospective employees with information about policies job duties working conditions wages opportunities for promotion and employee benefits. plan and conduct new
__label__CONSTRUCTION carpenter apprentice professional summary carpenter apprentice professional summary former construction and carpentry worker committed to high-quality workmanship and safe environments. over 4 years of hands-on experience working with remodeling projects in residential and commercial construction. dedicated work ethic and exceptional attendance record. i am motivated to learn new trades and skills. interested in growing career and fostering leadership capabilities. professional construction laborer with excellent interpersonal skills. works in timely and efficient manner to see tough jobs through to completion. skills cabinetry material prepping construction drawing interpretation carpentry techniques oral and written communication materials handling new construction and renovation drywalling safety and compliance work history carpenter apprentice 10/2017 to 09/2019 assisted with movement of materials and equipment to job sites worked with master carpenters to install decks for both residential and commercial customers installed and repaired woodwork millwork and cabinetry under supervision of master carpenter kept job site cleaned up properly and all debris disposed of in respective containers interpreted specifications and construction drawings to understand tasks necessary to complete each job accepted feedback from foreman and journeyman carpenter implementing suggestions into later work observed all osha and corporate safety regulations and procedures led variety of projects from start to finish including garages residential homes
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS research and study elaboration research and study elaboration manager / public relations manager / human resources supervisor https //www.linkedin.com/profile/view id 178111535 trk nav responsive tab profile https //www.facebook.com/theofilos.bentis additional information date of birth december 9 1980 place of birth athens greece marital status single professional summary shifting business needs and priorities in a systematic and effective way. excels at implementing operational assessments and conducting functional requirements analysis for businesses of all sizes. highly ambitious with more than 7 years providing results-oriented leadership. workflow analysis and project management. skills business development workflow analysis sql and databases business artifacts documentation data mapping brand management operations management business process mapping microsoft office suite organized fluent in greek english multi-tasking creative critical thinking report development project planning attention to detail team building filing and data archiving flexible accurate and detailed excellent planner and coordinator works well under pressure social media knowledge pleasant demeanor team building accounting familiarity critical thinker spreadsheet management report analysis employee training and development work history research and study elaboration manager / public relations manager / human resources supervisor 10/2007 collecting the data and the resources for studies and choosing the adequate population group for research. conducting the research and harvesting the data accumulated and
__label__APPAREL cashier summary responsible kennel cashier summary responsible kennel attendant who remains clearheaded in the face of emotionally demanding jobs. effectively soothes and manages difficult animals.has experience with caring for dogs of all ages and has had training at animal shelter for behavior and kennel responsibility s. highlights arts and crafts aptitude conflict resolution techniques calm and patient creative arts talent training in food handling preparation active listener positive and cheerful creative arts talent conversant in korean experience december 2015 to february 2016 cashier assessed customer needs and responded to questions. cleaned and straightened work area. issued receipts for purchases and gifts. bagged merchandise by following standard procedures. organized register supplies. september 2015 apparel described use and operation of merchandise to customers. received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. to apparel. january 2013 to august 2015 care-giver read stories to the children and taught them painting drawing and crafts. employed a variety of materials for children to explore and manipulate in learning activities and imaginative play. carefully monitored children s play activities. offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child s activities. incorporated music and art activities
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations manager summary public relations manager summary job title bringing expertise in listed equity and index options as well as extensive experience with regulatory inquiries and examinations retail and professional trading practices and back-office functions. diligent and driven job title who has achieved success in a variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. an effective communicator and team-builder with strong analytical management and organizational skills. job title equipped with the excellent negotiation skills market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success. business development manager versed in building strategic partnerships through persuasion negotiation and personal presence. business development professional successful at acquiring expanding and managing key corporate accounts. job title who consistently exceeds objectives to secure client satisfaction and loyalty. highlights energetic work attitude goal-oriented bilingual in languages excellent time management skills inspiring team leader excellent sales techniques fortune 500 partner experience cold calling prospecting and cold calling strategic account development strong interpersonal skills relationship selling customer-oriented energetic people-oriented fluent in spanish excellent communication skills reliable financial analysis detail-oriented analytical strategic positioning financial reporting critical thinking conflict resolution strong organizational skills active listening skills accomplishments increased revenue 312 in 2011 . increased revenue 136 in 2012
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY consultant experience consultant 05/2017 consultant experience consultant 05/2017 to current managed project schedule and local and remote staff to collect water main data and update gis system. develop business process and productivity reports to manage field book scanning project and water main data collection project. provide application support for cis infor cmms and neptune amr applications. maintained sharepoint site for i/t department. assist desktop support team with desktop and application user issues. developed secure ftp scripts during implementation of cis and amr applications after ransomware attack. utility solutions consultant 02/2006 to 04/2017 install and configured cityworks cmms application including xml modifications. led configuration requirements gathering effort for cityworks application implementation. prepared and provided training for cis meter reading software and cmms applications. provided application support for cis cmms and amr applications. developed data import file layouts and crystal reports for lucity cmms application. performed system configuration for lucity cmms application. installed and configured infor enterprise asset management 11.1 application and sql server database. led system administration team to design and configure user security for infor public sector application. led configuration requirements gathering effort for infor public sector application upgrade. provide application support for cis cmms and amr applications. assisted the of cleveland with the
__label__ARTS owner executive profile objective owner executive profile objective driven analytical creative leader with 25+ years experience in business customer service higher education utilities insurance the arts and public education. motivated it leader in project management client training and comprehensive development of innovative client solutions and enabling creative changes across an organization. provide customer service leadership to propel business into the public arena and meet the business objectives. achieve business objectives through passion commitment and experience in customer service - project management - team leadership technology development - new business development international business system integration technology deployment - process improvement - e - commerce quality assurance -system installation change management consulting - provide technology support for companies schools and individuals - database development - web page authoring and support - digital media support network planning configurations and installation - deployment - system integration - consulting process improvement - new educational technology development professional experience 01/1998 to current owner highly skilled technology leader with proven success in providing innovative and creative application solutions tools and processes across organizations. effective leader in applying custom business and technology solutions to maximize organizational performance. create competitive advantages by utilizing cutting edge technologies technical and business acumen innovating solutions and
__label__SALES sales summary passionate marketing sales summary passionate marketing manager leveraging expertise program management sales enablement and brand awareness to deliver lucrative results for rapid-growth corporations. identifies long-term opportunities to produce high-impact roi and increase customer outreach with cost-centric solutions. highlights strategic campaign management lead generation marketing communications partner programs program project management sales enablement email web print content account management experience sales november 2014 to current maintaine knowledge of current menu items ingredients and preparation methods. deliver exceptional service by greeting and serving guests in a timely friendly manner. suggest additional items to guests to increase restaurant sales. skillfully anticipate and address guests service needs. effectively communicate with kitchen staff regarding guest allergies dietary needs and other special requests. marketing manager contract april 2012 to november 2014 create deliver and optimize marketing materials including data sheets website and other collateral. develop messaging that is supportive of and consistent with marketing strategies. research competitive products by identifying and evaluating product characteristics market share pricing and advertising while updating and maintaining research database. deliver social media campaigns via hubspot to linkedin twitter facebook spiceworks and email. manage event logistics for tradeshows conferences and sales meetings to meet budget requirements. proactively work with vendors to process expenditure
__label__ADVOCATE market consultant - healthcare market consultant - healthcare advocate professional summary ambitious and dedicated managed care professional with robust organizational communication and customer service skills. multi-disciplinary industry expertise with an emphasis in provider outreach research analysis and data integrity. seeking a position to partake in new and innovative improvement processes and proactive provider education efforts. education and training bba business administration human resources management university of new mexico business administration human resources management skill highlights government relations knowledge provider education and communication personal and professional integrity database management relationship and team building organizational planning sound decision making excellent research skills claims analysis and review specialist project management professional affiliations member of alpha chi omega sorority professional experience market consultant - healthcare advocate august 2015 to current provides in the field market by market strategy expertise execution on risk adjustment clinical quality programs hedis/stars prospective and retrospective programs for providers. acts as a designated resource for the provider group to gain engagement. performs data analytics to help identify high risk members and to develop a strategy and plan for the practice. consults to help improve coding accuracy documentation and management of patient assessment information. facilitates access to medical records for chart review purposes. utilizes programs
__label__HR hr generalist summary a hr generalist summary a people-oriented results-driven professional with outstanding communication skills. extensive experience delivering top-quality solutions for high-profile clients. seeking to obtain a position which would allow me to apply my current knowledge obtain new information and grow with a company. highlights word excel powerpoint darwin act attendance advisor erp/as400 hris adp payroll paycor internet explorer outlook kronos ifas peoplesoft epicor winpak e2 wasp accomplishments created and implemented employee requisition procedure developed and executed employee internship/co-op program experience hr generalist sep 2014 to current - built the department from the ground up as the first hr person. this involved putting policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance with and federal law. a significant amount of time and energy has been spent building relationships with management and employees. provide advice and consultation to supervisors and executive management for all employment related matters. administer employee benefits payroll workers compensation fmla and personal leave unemployment and training. conduct workplace investigations from beginning to end. ensure compliance with aca. facilitate employee engagement. recruit for open positions conduct employee onboarding and exit interviews. provide weekly and monthly reports to managers and executives. hr representative jul 2014 to aug 2014 - administer employee benefits unemployment
__label__AVIATION administrative manager professional summary administrative manager professional summary highly skilled bilingual english/spanish and motivated professional seeking a suitable position in your esteemed facility. core qualifications report writing human resource knowledge professional demeanor time management ability ability to prioritize self-directed computer proficiency experience june 2013 to current administrative manager answer multiple phone lines bookkeeping sending and receiving emails faxes copying managed office inventory and placed new supply orders. sorting distributing mail it telecoms troubleshooting collections account reconciliation. developed and administered department budgets. liaised directly with customers to meet needs and maintain satisfaction. march 2012 to september 2012 administrative assistant answer multiple phone lines handle daily reports sending emails faxing copying making outbound calls to customers ordering office supplies data entry. scheduled appointments and maintained master calendar. updated employee paperwork and records. march 2011 to july 2011 front desk/ customer service rep arranges for customer travel hotel reservations and auto rental. tracks aircraft arrival and assures prompt line service. arranges for prompt customer de-briefing by appropriate technical personnel. dispatch information to line service and pilots. january 2007 to january 2011 registrar / receptionist answering telephones register patients verifying insurances enter patients information into computer follow up on unpaid claims within standard billing cycle timeframe file patients
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology support specialistnetwork information technology support specialistnetwork specialist pc technician it consultant customer work experience information technology support specialist network specialist pc technician it consultant customer engineer 01/2011 to current with more than 10 years experience in the it industry i have provided technical leadership for the design deployment and operation of it hardware and software. i have built implemented and sold numerous computers systems. i have been instrumental in the service environment of the systems using the latest processor technologies like intel and amd processors also have helpdesk support experience systems analyst and a strong leadership in the management of it systems and devices including but not limited to dell hp ibm microsoft software packages setting up and maintaining networks for small businesses setting cmos and bios installing software applications to fill customer s needs also active directory administration in novel and windows and strong experience in data migration using robocopy. professionalexperience. apollo / suntrust eis data migration project non-branch analyze server space and data to determine the needed space on the network attached storage nas . run tbackups on all novel servers using edirectory/nds report generator in order to determine the users on the different groups throughout the network. use carbon
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary accomplished consultant professional summary accomplished seller with marketing and entrepreneurial chops. proven record of exceeding service standards and outpacing performance goals. solid technical background with a focus on b2b saas and programmatic advertising. motivated team-oriented and enthusiastic about helping companies grow. skills b2b sales network development lead prospecting interpersonal communication skills brand marketing business development product development content creation accounting vc advertising website agency b2b billing book brand strategy budgets business development c com interpersonal communication content content creation clients client delivery product development e-commerce editorial finance managing marketing meetings enterprise network sales selling staffing strategic phone tv work history consultant 01/2020 to current project manage drinkbumpcoffee.com and sheau.com website launches. oversee marketing content creation and 3rd party integrations for all three brands. prospect and onboard 100+ traditional retailers and d2c e-commerce brands to sheau within first 3 months through in person meetings cold emails and phone calls. sourced 30+ new relationships with vc s like-minded brands and affiliates to partner with sohuis on content and events. senior account executive 03/2019 to 01/2020 grew 500k book of business by 10 through cross-sell and up-sell opportunities while managing pipeline of 60+ enterprise brands. conducted client qbr s and developed plans with internal
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations officer executive public relations officer executive summary highly talented professional with more than ten years in accounting and supply operations acquired in the united states navy united states army and corporate environments. practiced in sophisticated inventorymanagementprograms. trilingual - english wafi and igbo - global understanding of world politics. core qualifications operations management staff development inventory control staff development change management compensation/benefits administration policy/program development compensation/benefits administration policy/program development cross-functional team management staff training staff training professional experience 01/2013 to 01/2015 mentored taught trained and advised the afghanistan national police national interdiction unit niu logistics personnel with all aspects of developing organized and effective logistics management systems in accordance with the moi s logistics policy. the niu is the ministry of interior s strike force for illicit narcotics trafficking. advised and coordinated logistics support for the entire sensitive investigative unit siu and national interdiction unit niu regional law enforcement centers throughout afghanistan located in kunduz jalalabad heart and kabul. the pae warehouse in kabul afghanistan is responsible for the implementation of logistics matters in accordance with the s statements of work sow . additionally it is also responsible for the development of property accountability issue receipt and recovery of property issued to the
__label__SALES sales associate profile highly sales associate profile highly effective in promoting a positive productive environment. reputation for excellence and high quality service to clients. good eye for detail well organized skilled in setting priorities. resourceful and self-confident can get the job done and do it well. strong interpersonal and communication skills. remain calm and work well under demanding conditions. proven record of innovative and effective staff development. strong commitment vision and leadership. skill highlights adobe 2 years microsoft office 4 years adobe cloud 2 years photoshop 2 years data entry 2 years merchandising 3 years critical thinker detail oriented microsoft word excel powerpoint planning/coordinating team leadership areas of expertise being able to learn every little thing i can about each department of my job gaining alot of experience working with people. design created high-quality flash designs. website design created accent graphics banner ads icons animations and logos using photoshop and illustrator. work experience october 2016 to current sales associate worked with clients to analyze computing and network needs and installed appropriate solutions within each organization s budget. improved reliability of supply chain software systems database and order processing. developed and managed project plans while providing status updates to management. designed documented and executed maintenance
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY manager - information technology manager - information technology and building automation systems summary manager - information technology and building automation systems versatile building automation system engineer and it professional with vast knowledge of enterprise project lifecycle methodology and experience to deliver insightful network infrastructure and building automation solutions. network engineering expert with strong background in project management and product support. proven communication skills for quality development of standard documentation as well as genuine leadership and assistance for associates and clients. highlights enterprise platforms current pmp certification project tracking hardware and software upgrade planning certified information security manager user experience ux design self-motivated vast technical knowledge server management mac and pc expert computer programming highly motivated resourceful control system design proficient multi-tasker accomplishments awarded the navy and marine corps achievement medal in 2010 2011 2012 and 2013 . awarded sailor of the year designation for the pacific naval fleet in 2013. successfully managed the network infrastructure and server environment for 150+ users and 300+ pc and network systems. responsible for the training and development of 8 technicians and project coordinators within my team. experience manager - information technology and building automation systems october 2014 to current led a cross-functional team of engineers qas and ux
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS property management assistant professional property management assistant professional summary dedicated public relations specialist with vast experience managing external public relations and media agencies. skillfully manages multiple tasks and meets tight deadlines in high-pressure environments. skills bilingual in english and spanish computer skills creative writing strategy development social media coordination media relations critical thinking campaign management fact checking information gathering strategic planning social media marketing work history property management assistant 01/2018 to current introduced prospective tenants to types of units available and performed tours of premises. communicated with clients and tenants while offering strategic solutions to remedy problems. communicated effectively with owners residents and on-site associates. generated professional networks by engaging in professional industry and government organizations. conducted thorough research using diverse resources to assist professional staff with routine and special project tasks. public relations coordinator 08/2017 to 06/2018 identifying clients needs through market research and analysis and developing forward-thinking strategies. analyzing clients objectives and interests in order to create meaningful relations with media and public personas to utilize for campaigns and projects. creating proposals for various activations and events. developing and cultivating ambassadors for campaigns. researching and organizing event elements including venues guest speakers influencers etc. executing and monitoring performance of campaigns to boost
__label__HEALTHCARE executive director experience executive executive director experience executive director 10/2017 to 09/2019 developed strategy and led implementation of an end-to-end employer service model focused on employer groups and brokers resolving and avoiding escalated issues. fostered a culture focused on achieving high customer satisfaction and streamlined operations. formalized and delivered new service model strategy focused on customer-centric issue resolution and increased first-touch resolution. launched new employer service teams on advanced service model to include organizational redesign setting of team strategic vision and inspiring service-oriented culture within 6 months. initiated new data reporting and analytics to drive data-driven process improvements with issue resolution timelines averaging less than 48 hrs. achieved employer broker and sales account management satisfaction to contribute to employer and broker retention. executive director 03/2004 to 10/2017 directed and mentored cross-functional teams focused on health plan product development process to attract and retain new members. developed and implemented key organizational strategies and new products to empower health care members to navigate and utilize healthcare services. steered efforts towards the creation and mobilization of multi-year national product investment portfolio achieving over 500 million in revenue driven from digital enhancements operational improvements and new product offerings. produced and directed 50 million market-driven product investment portfolio resulting
__label__FITNESS fitness trainee/recreation management intern fitness trainee/recreation management intern accomplishments volunteered at newman shares food pantry collecting nonperishable food items for low-income students and families developed professional skills by attending professional development workshops such as career fair preparation and communication instructed by career center professionals rauner family ymca recruited volunteers and manage ticketing for halloween fairs volunteered 80+ hours over the course of 4 years for the school age program accounting for 20-25 children ages 3-5 during day activities. professional summary experienced sales employee skilled in event planning microsoft excel customer service microsoft word and microsoft office. strong sales professional with a bachelor s degree focused in recreation sport and tourism from university of illinois at urbana-champaign with dean s list and james scholar recognition. skills excel intermediate microsoft word intermediate powerpoint intermediate data management team leadership self-motivated extremely organized staff development project management team liaison work history fitness trainee/recreation management intern january 2018 to current research and aid in planning exercises options for fitgames. identify and create new business contacts. update social media account with weekly posts. implement new strategies approved by owner for business growth. research assistant february 2017 to current code data from surveys onto age options database. analyze the data to
__label__SALES sales summary i am sales summary i am looking for a career position with a that i can be rewarded by my desire to succeed. i am a self starter and motivated to do my best. i am comfortable doing what it takes to create new business and have an excellent history of retaining current business. skills self starter motivated client relations success driven experience sales 12/2015 to current sales of phones plans home security and satellite in a retail environment meet quotos monthly for add-on orders and upselling cross selling customers to switch to our for other services that they did not come in store for assist customers with determining the best products and plan for their needs in fast paced work environment maintain customer satisfaction by providing great customer service insurance sales 03/2015 to 12/2015 insurance sales contacted customers to set up in home appointment to offer mortgage life and final expense protection interviewed customers to see determine which plan and amount best fit their needs cold call customers that responded to ads sales 01/2011 to 03/2015 provided sales support to retail customers increased sales with knowledge of merchandise and sales techniques created additional revenue with add on sales of other merchandise
__label__ADVOCATE driver summary as a driver summary as a passionate and dedicated professional with more than five years of experience in the fields of law linguistics and interpretation i write to apply for the ... position with .... . i graduated with a bachelor s degree in academic law from j.s.s. law college in karnataka india. i utilized my substantial knowledge of legal practices in karnataka where i provided legal aid to civil societies government organizations and impoverished community members on issues of child abuse. i developed valuable communication and management skills while making strong contributions to an important social issue during my time at the legal aid cell. highlights microsoft office including word excel and powerpoint from aptech learning institution. microsoft office including word excel and powerpoint from aptech learning institution. accomplishments i am flixilbel and hard working . experience driver april 2015 to march 2016 welcome costumers to my car. asking them where he/she wants to go. and sometimes my friends calling me for helping them for changing their batteries. and also to change the tires. server fire of brazil 07/02/2014 - till now hold an important role in the food service industry. greeting customers as they arrive. arrange for appropriate seating arrangements
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction safety manager summary construction safety manager summary with 17 years experience in the field i have accumulated an extensive working experience education and team building abilities in safety. i will aid in the most effective implementation of procedures to my fullest ability. experience construction safety manager 07/2015 to 02/2017 as the safety manager i was responsible for all safety matters in the northern california area. trained my workers in fall protection excavations confine space and all energy loto. would also inspect all certifications on crane operator. would read all mop jha for all major task. performed daily walk through at all work areas. would look to identify unsafe conditions or acts and assist in correcting them. assisted project managers and superintendents with accidents and near miss investigation for root cause analysis. work in conjunction with project managers and sub- contractor management to maintain compliance to federal and local regulations. construction safety manager 04/1998 to 11/2014 as safety manager i am responsible for all documentation and credentials in order to work on our job sites. assist job site superintendent with pre-construction safety. safety orientation and training for new hires. performed daily walk through several times a day. i would assist in correcting all environmental
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction project regional manager construction project regional manager summary financial planning /analysis / management budgeting capital operations p l administration accounting reporting / disbursements equity debt financing new business / market development business service contract negotiation vendor / sub contractor partnerships customer government relations human resources management office information technology capital equipment acquisition purchasing / materials management dadestar group ft. washington maryland currently serving as vice president of construction directly responsible for providing leadership and direction for all aspects of construction throughout the including land development vertical construction renovation construction ancillary facilities and design development. proactive project manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. successful in creating effective communication between personnel general contractors and the management team. proactive project manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. successful in creating effective communication between personnel general contractors and the management team.results-oriented construction manager who works efficiently and effectively to complete projects on time and within budget.construction manager successful at finding cost-effective solutions to the various challenges that arise during residential and commercial construction.capable construction manager trained in compensating for unforeseen deadline obstacles including staff drop-off and weather. expert in skill set .diligent construction manager who consistently monitors sites
__label__ADVOCATE multimedia sales consultant professional multimedia sales consultant professional summary experienced marketing/sales consultant looking to leverage 35 years of marketing/sales/production into a professional consultant role in the baton rouge area. strong analytical and problem-solving abilities with outstanding team management skills. track record of achieving exceptional results in reaching goals and maintaining strong relationships with customer base. skills persuasive negotiator highly organized analytical excellent work ethic strategic account development enthusiastic about networking strong interpersonal skills detailed-oriented resolution-oriented energetic and driven positive outlook proficient in excel strata admall power point salesforce mactive comscore google analytics work history multimedia sales consultant 09/2018 to 06/2019 worked with clients to understand requirements and provide exceptional advertising service evaluated inventory and delivery needs optimizing strategies to meet customer demands assessed client needs to determine and suggest relevant product solutions in alignment with client budgets and schedules forged and nurtured impactful relationships with customers to cultivate loyalty boosting customer satisfaction stayed knowledgeable on latest digital platform including seo sem ott ppc innovations and technological advancements through various training methods multimedia sales consultant 06/2017 to 08/2018 performed initial client assessment and analysis to begin research process delivered a high level of service to clients to both maintain and extend the relationships for future
__label__ARTS activity specialist summary highly activity specialist summary highly knowledgeable creative and resourceful educator with experience in developing students interest in and appreciating music through teaching theory history and practical skills. education professional driven to create an environment that promotes hands-on learning for children at all stages of the learning process.i have over 10 years of vocal training and 8 years teaching experience. i have a deep concentrate in music education special educationeducator talented at making special needs children feel valued and accepted. encourages each child to reach their full potential. and vocal instruction. friendly and energetic with 8 years in substitute teaching in a public classroom environment. motivated to help students learn and be happy healthy and well-behaved.educator versed in collaborating with teachers and parents to best meet each individual s unique needs. attentive to the physical emotional intellectual and social needs of each student.i perform extraordinarily well with others and as a team leader.i am assertive and i strive to do the best job possible.motivated teacher with extensive knowledge of the education system and educational testing standards. exceptional communicator with advanced problem-solving skills. highlights microsoft word photoshop filemaker html. and ms office proficient substitute teaching certificate 6 years as summer camp counselor fast
__label__CHEF a la carte chef/ a la carte chef/ chef de cuisine summary a professional cook with 10+ years of combined on the job work training and experience with a background in managerial and non-managerial positions from high quality restaurants and organizations with a firm foundation built on the respect and execution of proper cooking techniques and the importance of always being able to learn and grow as a professional. highlights focused and disciplined high volume production capability focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity sous vide technique effective communicator organizational skils task oriented experience a la carte chef/ chef de cuisine 10/2015 to current supervise 10 cooks across two kitchens encourage and motivate staff members to uphold quality standards in keeping with club traditions and expectations planning and preparation of three seasonal menus creating nightly specials revolving around seasonality using as many local ingredients as possible contemporary and trendy cuisine with respect to traditions and favourites of the club and its members effectively expedites a la carte service management of protein perishable and dry goods inventory with a focus on utilisation and cost effectiveness 100- 200 covers nightly sous chef 04/2015 to current effectively managing a kitchen team of 12 cooks and
__label__HR hr generalist summary dedicated hr generalist summary dedicated and focused administrative assistant who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management professional and mature self-starter legal administrative support experience 11/2008 to 08/2014 hr generalist managed visa related employment processes for all non-immigrant faculty and staff. improved productivity and enhanced visa related services. improved operational structure by developing guidelines and tools for internal and external administration of non-immigrant employment procedures reduced internal employment authorization processing times by approximately 30 percent. prepared reviewed and submitted petitions for uscis adjudication maintained electronic database of petitions filed served as a university point of contact for uscis. developed and presented university with guidelines to adhere to mandates presented by uscis usdhs and usdos presented monthly orientation created edited and internally distributed bi-annual newsletter maintained hr website 05/2000 to 11/2008 coordinator provided advice to faculty staff scholars and students by interpreting complex regulatory guidelines. thoroughly prepared and filed non-immigrant petitions to uscis for non-immigrant students and employees. maintained highly confidential and sensitive data identified as designated school official for non-immigrant student programs
__label__FITNESS yoga instructor summary creative yoga instructor summary creative warm professional with exceptional people skills and a strong ability to build relationships. dedicated supporter of team driven to accomplish team and individual goals. possess the qualities required for building a strong satisfied employee base. highlights enthusiastic warm engaging problem solver accountable networking relationship building teaching and presentation negotiation love for community and what it has to offer education master in teaching 2010 heritage university k-8 endorsement bachelor of arts law and justice 1996 central washington university major law and justice/paralegal studies minor psychology experience yoga instructor aug 2012 to current teach movement and principles of yoga guide students through a variety of postures promote physical mental and spiritual wellness demonstrate relaxation and breathing techniques first grade teacher aug 2010 to current manage a classroom of 20-27 students daily plan and implement lessons based on common core standards utilize a variety of instructional strategies to incorporate all student learning styles and differentiate lessons accordingly maintain and utilize student data in a variety of programs to assess learning and modify lessons to create meaningful authentic education collaborate with team members and staff to create and implement curriculum based on common core standards communicate student progress to parents/guardians
__label__FINANCE senior director of finance senior director of finance professional summary high-performing senior director of finance with management experience and exceptional people skills. versed in strategic planning financial analysis and project management. experience senior director of finance may 2012 to feb 2016 manage a team that is responsible for timely and accurate reporting for commercial accounts 3.5bn and middle market 7bn monthly and quarterly production results including preparing sr. leadership for investor days earnings releases and shareholder meetings. lead a variety of projects including the coordination and consolidation of the annual plan the annual field compensation process as well as being the finance representative on a long-term strategic operating model project. drive cfo and sr. leadership directed projects in order to support evolving business needs including the development of an audit estimation process across middle market implemented a new profitability measure which allowed detailed segmentation of the middle market book of business and managed the re-alignment of the geographical footprint of our business over 3 000 people across the country to better drive results and synergy across business units. utilize exceptional analytical and communication skills across multiple levels of the organization with an ability to understand the details as well as find and summarize key
__label__TEACHER history teacher experience history history teacher experience history teacher 08/2006 to current seventh grade world history teacher at southwest middle school chatham county savannah ga. instruct four inclusion class. students have diverse academic backgrounds. charge with teaching georgia history geography civics and economics. connect events to daily study of history enhance opportunities for higher order thinking skills and writing. taught u.s history world history and georgia history history to audience of more than 30 students each 60 min . designed lesson plans course handouts and homework assignments based on textbook material and coursework. taught social studies to diverse class of 30 students. led groups of youth in discovery exercises and offered personalized support to individuals in need of extra assistance. developed administered and graded tests and quizzes promptly to provide quick feedback. established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among class of 30 students. used variety of teaching techniques to encourage student critical thinking and discussion in reading l a and social studies course. managed and controlled office supply inventory to ensure timely ordering or requisition of depleted or low-level stock. tracked class attendance and student progress. developed interesting course plans with multimedia learning tools to meet academic intellectual and
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS communications director professional summary communications director professional summary seasoned communications pro and results-driven communications strategist with award-winning writing and editing credentials proven successes in media relations/pitching and longtime experience in web and social media content. skills superior verbal and written communication skills excellent media contacts crisis communication web content brand development and management analytical thinker powerpoint presentations adobe photoshop work history communications director 09/2013 to current responsible for all internal and external communications for non-profit agency providing counseling shelter and services to 90 000 pennsylvanians each year. media relations/government relations/fundraising. web site design and content/social media facebook twitter youtube pinterest . annual report/statewide fatality report/publications design content. developed and managed communications strategies plans and budgets. planned and launched innovative creative and effective communications campaigns such as a press conference to honor domestic violence victims at capitol rotunda which resulted in participation by governor and 19 legislators and statewide media coverage. oversaw and adhered to the communications department budget. communications director pennsylvania auditor general 01/2005 to 01/2013 responsible for all internal and external communications for department of 750 employees serving 12.5 million residents issued more than 300 press releases each year plus media inquiries web site design and content/social media national award for pr on
__label__FITNESS service representative summary secure service representative summary secure a responsible position in account management and serve as an account representative sharing my experience and abilities to seek employee customer and employer growth and success. highlights microsoft word excel and powerpoint effective communication experience service representative october 2015 to current greets members maintains place organized and maintains friendly environment. works with retail advertises products and restocks shelves as needed. resolves member s troubles and answers phone inquiries. completes agreements with incoming members. sales advisor august 2015 to october 2015 partners up with businesses surrounding 24 hour fitness to create member traffic. promotes special promotions. completes agreements and manages daily paperwork. successfully attains personal and revenue target. service representative lead december 2014 to august 2015 organized inventory fifo method . met weekly deadlines for inventory and members financial transactions. organized banking information for pos system. education bachelor of business administration accounting summer 2016 university of houston c.t. bauer college of business gpa gpa 3.52 accounting gpa 3.52 cpr certification january 2015 gpa dean s list at the university of houston spring 2014 honor s list at hcc spring 2013 dean s list at hcc spring 2012 fall dean s list at the university of houston spring
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction support coordinator professional construction support coordinator professional summary demonstrated ability including orientation to action very detail oriented courage to innovate and excellent follow-through skills. understands how to think several moves ahead to position for the future. knows when to trade off items of less important strategic value for the sake of the long term win. core qualifications results-oriented operations management quick learner microsoft office contract negotiation/review/drafting contract auditing training and development change management multi-task management contract management experience construction support coordinator may 2016 to june 2016 originated reviewed amended scope of work package contractor submittal work evaluations radiological work permits job hazard analysis work packages worked at portsmouth gaseous diffusion plant while plant is in cold shut down and going through decontamination and demolition. safety coordinator/specialist december 2012 to january 2016 some of my responsibilities included managing all aspects of safety exposure and hazards creating and maintaining the safety program and procedures performing hazard and risk assessments job safety analysis jsa . safety work practices managing field safety audits and inspections while incorporating the results into daily procedures. coaching others to perform work in a safe manner. ensuring both safety and training record keeping on all procedures related to compliance with osha rules
__label__SALES sales representative summary food sales representative summary food service worker with fast food retail and customer service experience. trained in food safety and handling. also have some sales representative skills. highlights reliable and punctual reliable team worker cash handling comfortable standing for long time periods math and language skills conversant in spanish restaurant management excellent multi-tasker fast learner self-motivated able to work in fast-paced environment able to count daily bank deposit able to stay busy and focused while on the job experience sales representative sep 2015 to sep 2015 keep records of purchases sales and requisitions. select the correct products or assist customers in making product selections based on customers needs product specifications and applicable regulations. collaborate with colleagues to exchange information such as selling strategies or marketing information. demonstrate and explain the operation and use of products. inform customers of estimated delivery schedules service contracts warranties or other information pertaining to purchased products. attend sales and trade meetings and read related publications in order to obtain information about market conditions business trends and industry developments. complete expense reports sales reports or other paperwork. complete product and development training as required. swing manager aug 2012 to sep 2015 made sure crew members had designated
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT associate director business development associate director business development summary persuasive business development professional successful at establishing and maintaining key partnerships with corporate decision makers. offering more than 12 years of successful corporate business development and operations experience. a top-performer with the entrepreneurial vision and leadership skills to drive business expansion. proven skills in driving results product development project management account management and problem solving. successful at leading large scale commercialization of new platform and innovation initiatives for highly visible capital projects. recognized for leading teams to exceed results in fast paced high growth business environments. committed to healthy eating healthy living and a healthy planet. bilingual. highlights business development cross functional leadership new product commercialization effective negotiator manufacturing processes change management operations management build dynamic teams marketing strategy and innovation diversity and mentoring accomplishments recognized for leading teams to exceed results in fast paced high growth business environments granted values in action award for an outstanding leadership role granted values in actions award for leading a flawless execution kraft foods coffee bean brilliance award 2015 kraft foods president choice award 2013 experience associate director business development 12/2012 to current lincoln led commercialization effort for the largest platform innovation program and the largest strategic partnership
__label__ENGINEERING process engineering technician iii process engineering technician iii accomplishments pharmacy exemptee certificate skill path. mountain view ca yellow belt process excellence alza corp. redwood ca fundamentals of pharmaceutical cgmps alza corp. mountain view ca hazmat industrial technician certificate alza corp. palo alto ca first site supervisor skill path. sunnyvale ca supervising for safety alza corp. mountain view ca training the trainer alza corp. mountain view ca how to be a better communicator skill path. sunnyvale ca iso 9001 alza corp. redwood ca iso 14001 alza corp. menlo park ca excelling at managing and supervising skill path. san jose ca ert membership alza corp. palo alto ca . professional experience january 2007 to current responsible for an engineering/supervisory position to accomodate technical support in a. poltry production industry site. management including staffing ordering equipment cost. analysis budget estimation stablishment of computer based archive and lean production. program. process engineering technician iii january 2005 to january 2006 - engineering technician in the process-engineering arm of the oral products r d group at alza corporation hands-on experience in key pharmaceutical unit operations including milling blending fluid bed granulation aqueous and solvent-based coating laser drilling and drying participated in product development activities including scale-up experiments and manufacturing of
__label__SALES sales associate summary yoga sales associate summary yoga instructor who is highly energetic outgoing and detail-oriented. handles multiple responsibilities simultaneously while providing exceptional customer service. service-focused professional and friendly team player who quickly learns and masters new concepts and skills. extensive cash handling experience. skills microsoft word office excel power point and mindbody software excellent telephone tiquette extremely organized with good time management skills works well under pressure. experience 01/2017 to current sales associate greet customers at all points throughout the store. maintain constant presence on sales floor to assist customers. answer any questions about in store products and seasonal trends. communicate current sales and deals in the store to maximize sales. provide assistance and customer service in the fitting rooms. replenish fold hang and tidy garments throughout the day. maintain in-stock and presentable condition assigned areas. work with cash register and process transactions in a time efficient manner. handle returns of merchandise. unload delivery trucks and unpack merchandise execute reductions price changes and label merchandise with security tags. 08/2015 to 12/2016 health information specialist maintain patient medical records in accordance to nmhi and federal regulations. organize files collect data and analyze the data for errors. accurately enter information into various computer programs. keep
__label__AVIATION financial technician summary diligent financial technician summary diligent and driven financial technician who has achieved success in a variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. an effective communicator and team-builder with strong analytical management and organizational skills. highlights fiscal budgeting knowledge analytical effective time management inspiring team leader people-oriented safety-oriented production scheduling hazmat training strong communication skills accounting operations professional natural leader exceptional problem solver customer-service focused flexible reliable accomplishments accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. auditing extensive experience with financial statements audits reviews compilations and audits for governmental organizations. accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. training responsible for providing vision and guidance to a group of 8 employees training them on sufficient project plans and procedures. supervision trained civil service workers to perform general warehouse duties to trident refit facility standards. experience financial technician 05/2010 to current verified and reconciled budget accounts for 8 various class submarines totaling over 20 million dollars annually. reviewed and updated daily and monthly bor budget operating report and optar operating target report . perform weekly safety training and maintain a safe working environment for 8 personnel during normal working hours.
__label__AVIATION maintenance specialist/technician summary military maintenance specialist/technician summary military veteran and journeyman electrician seeking to retain current position as a maintenance specialist at twpc. served four years active duty in a role of increasing responsibility and one year as a maintenance specialist at twpc. have prior experience in logistics and embarkation management electronics troubleshooting electrical maintenance and preventative maintenance. effective communicator and leader in the work areas. highlights basic calibration conversion dc electronics frame leadership logic logistics mathematics office radar reading safety fm supervisor switches test equipment troubleshoot troubleshooting verbal communication experience maintenance specialist/technician 09/2014 to current logistics embarkation rep 10/2013 to 07/2014 prepared and shipped about 250 metric tons worth of military equipment on numerous operations to countries such as australia thailand and guam. equipment had to be tied down at certain points and sometimes in complex ways to ensure proper restraint when loaded on an aircraft. in charge of three marines who occasionally were deployed to other countries. never missed a time frame for any of the 13 operations that we participated in. provided cleaning supplies office supplies and other miscellaneous items for an entire squadron. without that support the squadron would not have been able to operate. aviation electronics technician 09/2011 to
__label__FITNESS health coach summary compassionate health coach summary compassionate results-oriented health psychologist with ten years of experience coaching individuals of various ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds and ranging in age from young adults to elders. skilled in the use of the patient-centered solution-focused principles of positive psychology co-active coaching the transtheoretical model of change motivational interviewing self-determination theory and acceptance and commitment therapy to facilitate self-awareness and self-care. dedicated coach with a demonstrated track record facilitating healthy lifestyle choices including smoking cessation weight reduction stress management improved sleep and enhanced daily functioning. health care professional committed to transforming primary care through the integration of real time focused health psychology interventions to produce an effective model of biopsychosocial care. skills skilled individual and group coach trained in nutrition alternative medicine and exercise physiology proven behavioral change specialist culturally sensitive skilled in multiple coaching methodologies exceptional communication skills ability to create an open nonjudgmental space for difficult conversations achievements professional certified coach credential awarded by the international coaches federation 2013. recognized twice as a key contributor to care improvement efforts by harvard vanguard medical associates. contributing author to the article group health coaching strengths challenges and next steps in the may 2013 issue of global advances in health
__label__ARTS sales customer service rep sales customer service rep summary administrative hr professional holds master of arts honors degree in human resource development from bowie university with a 4.0 gpa. highly organized and detailed oriented hr professional with over 10+ years experience in providing human resource in areas employee relations recruitment workers compensation and benefits employee record-keeping compliance with federal laws and hr policies and procedures. a dedicated professional with an excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization. great research and policy analytical skills very independent and self-motivated professional with excellent customer service organizational project management and time management skills as well as the ability to grow positive relationships with clients staff and colleagues. excellent ability to manage a high volume of work by balancing competing deadlines and priorities effectively within a variety of diverse tasks. proficient user of microsoft applications. job title focused on developing efficient processes using knowledge of recruiting employee relations training and development and auditing. highlights new employee orientations staff training and development microsoft office suite expert quickbooks human resources audits maintains confidentiality hrms hr policies and procedures expertise national human resources association human resources management people-oriented organized exceptional communicator
__label__FITNESS senior medical recruiter summary senior medical recruiter summary versatile results-oriented responsible professional with creative and business achievements in health and fitness industry service industry medical recruiting industry as well as customer service industry. a person who has the proven ability to meet business needs with creative solutions one who consistently demonstrates a passion to excel in business development for her customers and her one who utilizes diverse strategies woven with focused qualification techniques consultative persuasion methodology strategic product positioning creative proposals all leading to a customized solution. highlights microsoft word microsoft office excel sales force power point highlights superior communication skills ms office proficient experience senior medical recruiter may 2013 to july 2015 managed my own team within 4 months of being hired. received 2 promotions for the duration of me being with the company. fielded an average of 20-30 customer service calls per day. confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers problems. trained new employees on customer service policies and service level standards. conducted reference and background checks on all job applicants. developed creative recruiting strategies that met anticipated staffing needs. communicated the duties compensation benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates. managed all phases of recruitment including defining hiring
__label__APPAREL coordinating manager summary administrative coordinating manager summary administrative operations special events meeting and travel logistics correspondence file records and database management project administration and executive-level management sales support client service accounts management problem trouble-shooting and resolution contract administration order review and shipping management sales tracking and reporting communications business writer proofreader and editor knowledgeable in medical terminology policies and standards such as hipaa financial/budget administration budget oversight invoice verification requisitions expense tracking purchasing supply and inventory management. skills ms windows word excel powerpoint outlook and mac lexis nexis soarian and medinotes emr experience coordinating manager 09/2013 to current manage annual updates of procurement policies standards procedures and guidelines to reflect changes in the operations including regulations risks and best practices. provide executive level support to the executive director and deputy executive director. liaise between all departments and residents to ensure proper communication and reporting practices with complaints. manage contracts between the facility and the dialysis centers. assist with managing the quality assurance / risk management department with board reports and quarterly performance improvement reports. manage the department of health doh and joint commission jcaho annual survey files as well as the upload for the plan of corrections poc to the health commerce system hcs
__label__SALES sales summary adaptable with sales summary adaptable with extensive experience in material handling inspections shipping and receiving as well as sales. focused on continual process improvement and cost reduction. highlights self motivated problem solver safety-oriented multi-tasker background in shipping and receiving accuracy excellent communication skills 5+ years forklift experience accomplishments developed layout and plan sequences to improve operational efficiency. prepared pallets by following prescribed stacking arrangement and properly tagging pallets. used propane forklift to load trailer at warehouse. trained numerous employees in day to day jobs in warehouse environment proposed and initiated filing system at mcjunkin redman corporation established cohesiveness between sales team and warehouse team at mcjunkin redman corporation supported all of previous employers policies procedures and safety rules proficient in accuracy and production experience sales july 2013 to october 2015 - averaged 50 hours per week/ 21.78 per hour developed tool to track and monitor personal sales opportunities deals in progress and finished contracts. took daily inbound calls and key-entered orders faxes backorders and credit memos for assigned accounts and clients. consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels. participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals. developed spreadsheets to track bi-monthly billings
__label__FITNESS account executive summary exceptional account executive summary exceptional sales professional who consistently achieves annual sales objectives and increases the overall customer base. effectively grows brand awareness through increased market penetration and new market development. highlights national account management fortune 500 management accomplished in relationship selling friendly and cheerful team building expert proven sales track record winner s circle award sales management accomplishments spearheaded a remarkable worst-to-first transformation.grew new product sales 100 in number days.successfully expanded account base from number to more than number accounts. experience account executive aug 2011 a wholly owned subsidiary of bloomberg is a leading source of online legal human resources law regulatory and business information for professionals. coverage spans the full range of legal practice areas including tax accounting labor employment intellectual property banking securities employee benefits health care pharmaceutical privacy data security human resources and environment health safety. executed number daily cold calls to top level executives to increase client base. exceeded targeted sales goals by number . emphasized product features based on analysis of customers needs. taught potential clients about products through seminars and other special events. responsible for selling online web-based technology tools to director vp level professionals - human resources benefits law accounting and tax professionals
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary i graphic designer summary i am a hardworking and multi-talented individual who loves to design play sports and learn. i am always up for a challenge and look forward to always striving to become better. highlights microsoft office suite adobe photoshop/ indesign/ illustrator mac/windows os coreldraw software photobench software photography nikon canon creative and artistic self-motivated professional quick learner time management experience 10/2015 to 01/2016 graphic designer - photographed new cellphone cases using photobench software and a canon camera. edited the photos using photoshop and applied over one thousand designs photoshopped onto the cellphone cases. create various images for the website as well as web banners. fulfill cellphone case orders on coreldraw applying the right design for each order. 10/2015 bartender - tended the bar at the tournament for private companies who rented out cabana spaces made sure all the guests enjoyed their time as well as provided non alcoholic and alcoholic beverages. ensured the bar table was clean at all times as well as kept the bar stocked with all available beverage options. 08/2014 to 04/2016 athlete - retail associate - deliver a premium consumer experience by demonstrating the expertise of nike products and services to give consumers what they
__label__ENGINEERING engineering assistant career focus engineering assistant career focus my full is kailie marie mahea lani graciidis. i am an ambitious 20 year old and also a part-time student at bellevue college. i have a desire to work in the ocean one day and to also manage my own online but have yet to choose the right major s towards those goals. summary of skills ability to make decisions and solve problems ability to work in a team structure attention to detail balanced computer proficient dependable determined educated fast learner flexible friendly hardworking honest issue resolution interpersonal skills kind outgoing quick on my feet with my hands reliable strong verbal communication time management very organized energetic computer proficient experience 06/2012 to 06/2013 engineering assistant at stanbury electrical engineering we built and repaired chargers for forklifts. every two weeks new shipments came in with new and old chargers that we were to repair and put together before the next shipment came in. below are some details on my position at stanbury electrical engineering. typed and organized the binders stating everything there is to know about the chargers for meetings with potential buyers. patiently and carefully put the stickers together through the sticker process. stickers meaning the
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary financial accountant accountant summary financial accountant specializing in financial planning reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.well-informed accountant adept at supplying quick responses to financial inquiries from internal management and potential clients.creative accountant equipped with a broad knowledge of concepts and strategies to yield the best possible financial outcomes. highlights periodic financial reporting expert invoice coding familiarity strong communication skills general ledger accounting skills complex problem solving account reconciliation expert experience accountant july 2012 to october 2015 i have worked at shantilal gala nairobi kenya which is an audit firm since 2nd july 2012. i was employed as an accountant in the firm. maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper. processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of p weekly and monthly. increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new excel financial recording system. collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes. entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management. processed payroll electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments. collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes. education select one bachelor of arts business studies 2014 university of greenwich kenya completed the bachelor s degree in business of arts
__label__CONSTRUCTION physical therapist technician education physical therapist technician education glencoe high school 2002-2006 gadsden community college skills customer satisfaction software word outlook word as400 knowledge of medical equipment physical therapy advanced problem-solving enthusiastic people person great organizational skills multi-task management. experience 01/2010 - current physical therapist technician assist physical therapists in daily patient treatments and care. set up orthopedic equipment. assist in ultrasound and e-stem treatment along with wound care and patient activities. 01/2009 - 01/2010 construction worker operated heavy machinery. assisted in home and business modification cleaning and preparation for the site. 12/2007 - 01/2009 floor worker/cashier assisted customers with any questions or concerns they had.checked the customers in for their workouts. cleaned workout equipment. answered phones and handled money transactions. summary my objective is to obtain a successful career with your by bringing enthusiasm dedication responsibility good work ethic and customer service combined with a desire to utilize my skills obtained through my experience.
__label__ARTS food server summary i food server summary i have sixteen years of experience in the customer service industry. my experience includes customer-oriented food server crew trainer and housekeeper with a deep experience with pos systems and cash handling procedures. i have four years experience with microsoft office and adobe media arts software. highlights microsoft office excel microsoft office access microsoft office word microsoft office powerpoint adobe photoshop adobe illustrator math and language skills excellent multi-tasker conversant in spanishdelivers exceptional customer service comfortable standing for long time periods neat clean and professional appearance cash handling reliable and punctual accomplishments 2000 - while working for lucky lill s casino i took tips training and passed with a perfect score. i was awarded a certificate and an hourly raise. 2003 - while working for denny s restaurant i was r ecognized by management for going above and beyond normal job functions. i was promoted by the owners to the title of crew trainer . duties included training all new wait-staff employees on procedures and proper customer service. experience food server 2000 - 2003 recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear understandable manner.up-sold additional menu items beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.correctly received orders
__label__APPAREL owner senior graphic designer owner senior graphic designer / ux designer / app developer linkslinkslinkslinkslinks dlinkslinkslinkslinkslinkslinks linkslinkslinkslinks professional summary multi-talented job title skilled in several artistic mediums including medium and medium . seasoned job title who specializes in print and environmental graphics. graphic designer who multi-tasks and manages time well in fiercely competitive fast-paced environments. graphic artist motivated to work on all projects collaboratively with the design team from conception through to final production. skills excellent communication skills complex problem solving print advertising web site advertising website design expert complex problem solving superb eye for detail proficient in adobe cs6 website and electronic marketing print advertisements css expertise sms deployment proficient in photograph restoration customized template design excellent leader advanced graphic design work history owner senior graphic designer / ux designer / app developer 01/2010 to current enhance css html php codes for the frontend and backend of e-commerce store create graphics for silkscreen and direct to garment dtg printing work with programmers to design online-tool to enable users to personalize their own designs and provide access to quality on-demand printing services. translated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach. designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations specialist summary public relations specialist summary dedicated communication specialist with extensive experience in media relations and special event planning. areas of expertise include writing for many audiences public policy analysis and managing multiple priorities. highlights superb writer and editor trained in media relations and crisis communication print and electronic media deadline-driven exceptional problem solver compelling public speaker exceptional writing skills event planning seo knowledge microsoft office suite wordpress adobe photoshop quark xpress indesign final cut pro skilled multi-tasker focused and driven dedicated team player positive attitudeexcellent communicator firm grasp of associated press stylebook social media communication ie facebook twitter linkedin ello women.com instagram tsu myspace google+ accomplishments communicated with the public elected officials media and employees. ran communications and public relations efforts on hundreds of projects with minimal budgets. developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging. experience public relations specialist march 2012 to january 2014 created position - took over duties from pr agency promoted the plan to media health plan members and the public updated and monitored social media communication and website wrote and implemented yearly public relations and social media plans arranged sponsorships of area events promotion and event planning coordinated and
__label__BANKING financial institutions examiner summary financial institutions examiner summary well-regarded professional with proven record in analyzing statistical data and financial documents providing comprehensive assessment of overall health of financial institutions. meticulous analyst who quickly evaluates data to accurately assess financial risk and regulatory compliance in fast-paced time-sensitive environments. skilled relationship manager - fluent in both english and spanish - who is effective in engaging others to progress project goals. highlights financial analysis capital market trends financial forecasting risk management expertise budget analysis cash flow analysis application of gaap regulations financial modeling variance trend analysis experience financial institutions examiner mar 2011 to jan 2015 conducted examinations of financial institutions records and operations to verify adherence with relevant laws and regulations including bank secrecy act bsa and anti-money laundering aml rules. as subject matter expert conducted training coached team members and compiled/reported results while managing stakeholder relations. assessed adequacy of assets and liabilities risk management policies and practices including liquidity and sensitivity to market risks and net interest margin level and trends. assessed adequacy of institution s lending administrative and underwriting policies and practices borrower s repayment capacity collateral protection collateral valuations legal documentation and allowance for loan and lease losses levels and methodology. reviewed and evaluated
__label__ENGINEERING s engineering instructor summary s engineering instructor summary seeking an internship/co-op in the field of electrical/instrumentation control engineering for spring summer 2017 highlights matlab simulink siemens pss e power world etap labview multisim rt-lab c++ ms office. certificate in industrial automation control from apollo knowledge institute. july 2012 - sept 2012 skills acquired in plc programming allen bradley siemens plc hmi scada servo drives vfd hydraulic pneumatic control system. experience engineering instructor jun 2016 to jul 2016 instruct and supervise high school students to build engineering projects. list of projects http //www.bluestampengineering.com/meet-the-students/palo-alto-16/. graduate teaching assistant / jun 2015 to current assist professor in teaching courses control system electrical electronic circuits computer based industrial power system protection introduction to c++ programming. instrumentation control engineer / oct 2012 to dec 2014 execution experience with dcs honeywell experion pks c300 controller esd systems. supervised all electrical instrumentation installation commissioning activities including control motor loop check panel testing field instrument control valve testing of shah gas development project abu dhabi uae. prepared all engineering documents such as instrument index instrument control valve datasheets cause and effect drawings hook up drawing mto material requisition vendor offer evaluation technical write up preparation of control system philosophy fat procedure etc. ieee
__label__FITNESS r d new product r d new product development technician experience r d new product development technician 10/2015 to 10/2019 assembling work orders per process sheet. document control. revising reviewing engineering work orders as well as procedures for assembly. help engineers develop engineering work orders as well as putting together work instructions for operations room. clean room experienced. kanban experienced. kitting materials for production floor. 5s lean manufacturing knowledge. experience with iso quality systems. inspecting materials to ensure they meet production/gmp/glp standards. maintain an organized and clean environment/work space. read and follow blue prints diagrams and sop sheets. operating mikron pop machine ats machine calvary machine and branson heatstaking machines. using a microscope to inspect products. testing products following procedures. front desk clerk 11/2013 to 04/2015 handle members payments and information. maintain an organized and clean facility. greet members and assist with any help or questions. promote sales for the gym. managing smoothie bar make shakes and restocking items. assembler/tester contractor 05/2013 to 12/2014 assembling chemical and mechanical products via process sheet. conducting test on circuit boards and mechanical products. using tools such as torques microscope and scales. managing and working with chemicals and epoxy. assist quality and process engineers in validation activities. quality
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS content strategist summary energetic content strategist summary energetic and persuasive public relations specialist offering expertise in public speaking advertising and media relations. seeking employment with an established which will utilize my skills creativity and enthusiastic approach while allowing me to grow as an individual and further strengthen my abilities. highlights microsoft office social media marketing strong editing skills project management exceptional writing and grammar graphic design expert computer knowledge analytical skills public relations specialist skilled typist telephone skills/multi-line fast accurate data entry correspondence search engine advertising vector media photography profit growth strategies experience content strategist jan 2015 to current create outlines storyboards graphics concepts prototype page layout. edit copy for writers and provide feedback to visual design team. act as project manager and simultaneously manages several projects. handle all seo techniques and responsible for executing all online marketing campaigns. responsible for all content management social media tools photo editing software and office software responsible for writing a minimum of five news articles daily. assisted with and coordinated all public relations events for the launch of the website. public relations marketing manager mar 2013 to current create in-depth marketing proposals for restaurants. implement strategic and community-building campaigns promotions and contests centered on increasing in-store visits
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT founder business development director founder business development director skills salesforce powerpoint cloud document word publisher management excel google drive access outlook experience founder business development director 01/2010 to current independent sales agent providing clients principals and prospects marketing support business insight and sales strategy to supplement the specialty and unique-to-market product line i represent. key bjs sales generated highlights gem solution - cloud-based suite of support tools for private club golf and retail operations. increased gems account list from 10 to 63 clients 530 increase including many platinum clubs of america through cold-calling email marketing networking needs analysis face-to-face and virtual presentations social media and client referrals. enabled gems to acquire the golf business network in 2014 by accelerating revenue growth and industry awareness. golf business network - membership organization of private club pga professionals. advised new ownership team in establishing the organizational roadmap brand identity and benefits strategy for gbn membership retention and growth. designed the gbn partnerplus vendor marketing program for companies to engage the industry s leading club professionals. one-of-a-kind marketing portfolio includes hyper-targeted roi measurable communication webinars on-site events networking exclusive gbn web content custom surveying and consulting. spearheaded the partnerplus business development plan and sales execution. project required researching
__label__HR sr. hr generalist summary sr. hr generalist summary quality-driven analytical professional who delivers consistent and successful results in hr affairs including recruitment and retention staff development safety and health mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation hr audit and records management hr policies development and legal compliance. highlights hris kronos lawson peoplesoft quickbooks hbi adp oracle ms office word excel powerpoint access outlook emr medical manager. certified mouth swab- drug test facilitator accomplishments created and implemented a training program for managers and supervisors including topics such as employee motivation effective leadership completing disciplinary actions and performance reviews. satisfied record keeping requirements evaluated during annual hr audit. reduce turnover rate by improving recruitment strategies effective interviewing and proper selection. improve employee relations events increasing employee participation and satisfaction experience sr. hr generalist 01/2012 to current manage and coordinate hr support to 5 resorts throughout south and central florida. enforce s policies and procedures for 2000+ employees in conjunction with the bargaining agreement. responsible for short and long term planning and management of the human resources function. recommend the department s budget and manage expenses within approved budget constraints. major areas of responsibility/management include but are not limited to employment wage and salary administration benefits training employee/labor
__label__DESIGNER branch manager/floral designer summary branch manager/floral designer summary branch manager driven to exceed sales goals and build long term relationships with customers. delivers positive experiences through high-quality customer service. highlights effective leader staff training/development customer targeting conflict resolution deadline-oriented up-selling techniques client account management budgeting and financial management consistently meets sales goals cash flow management inventory control microsoft outlook word and excel experience branch manager/floral designer july 2012 to current - managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiency ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store s efficiency. stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts. maintained established merchandising standards including window sales floor and promotional displays. fostered a positive work environment by consistently treating all employees and customers with respect and consideration. cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner. communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member. worked with the management team to implement the proper division of responsibilities. actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities. supervised and
__label__ADVOCATE family advocate summary job family advocate summary job title adept at identifying and documenting cases of child abuse. skilled at finding and implementing the best possible solutions. highlights dcfs child welfare license behavioral therapy empathetic sound judgment passion for social work court procedures familiarity accomplishments managed a caseload of more than fifty to forty-five clients at any given time. experience 04/2011 to current family advocate recruit in neighborhoods that are close to the head start/early head start centers that are below poverty level in social services agencies homeless shelters resource events for children and families to make aware of free government child care services for low income families. assist forty to fifty-five eligible families in applying for head start/early head start child care services. meet with families to find out their needs and goals and refer families to services to successfully meet needs and goals. encourage families to get involved in children s education by explaining to the parents that children s daily attendance is important to learning attending parent meetings participating in policy council to be able to make decisions in the program volunteer in the head start/early head start classrooms and educationally connecting with children at home. document families progress in the
__label__ADVOCATE summary administrative support professional summary administrative support professional with experience working in a fast past environment demanding strong organizational technical and interpersonal skills. trustworthy ethical and discreet committed to superior leadership customer service and technical support while working as an individual or in a team environment. confident and poised in interaction with individuals at all levels. detailed oriented resourceful in completing projects on time and able to multi-task effectively. capabilities include logistics/ distribution management medical device repair technician production/operations supervisor shipping/ receiving supervisor customer service representative excellent written/ verbal communication experience customer service advocate jan 2015 to current - responsible for answering incoming calls from customers while ensuring a high level of customer service and maximizing productivity. direct phone-based customer interaction to answer and resolve a wide variety of inquiries including but not limited to pharmacy benefits mail order and pharmacy assistance calls. assists customers /pharmacies/physicians with orders and reorders benefit eligibility questions and prescription inquiries. escalates drug related calls to appropriate pharmacist. assist pharmacies and members on all issues related to processing of pharmacy claims. determines appropriateness of overriding pharmacy claims edits and error messages. coordinates internal resolution of claims exceptions and other issues. assists with entering new prescription orders into system. educates
__label__CONSULTANT consultant experience 09/2016 to consultant experience 09/2016 to 08/2017 consultant supports the planning organization development and direction of overall operation of a 1m substance abuse and mental health services administration grant during its no cost extension. provides information technical assistance and training to ensure the program operates in accordance with current federal and local standards guidelines and regulations our established policies and procedures and as may be directed by the principal investigator to assure that the medically related emotional and social needs of persons receiving substance abuse intervention are met/maintained on an individual basis. collaborates to present on alcohol and drug risk patterns of patients screened by advanced practice registered nursing aprn students at the 13th annual meeting of the international network on brief interventions for alcohol and other drugs lausanne switzerland. ensures program is in compliance with applicable and federal guidelines and writes final financial and program report for submittal to samhsa. 01/2016 to 08/2016 grant project coordinator planned organized developed and directed overall operation of an alcohol screening brief intervention and referral to treatment sbirt training and evaluation project for 8 advance practice registered nurse aprn programs in three states using a 1m substance abuse and mental health services administration samhsa grant.
__label__BANKING program assistant professional summary program assistant professional summary program assistant with supervising experience and exceptional people skills. versed in daxko operations membership childcare. desires a challenging role as a membership coordinator. experience program assistant 07/2013 to current billing/finance to include purchase orders childcare billing refunds and credits for different programs. well versed in daxko operations. assist in training supervising member services associates. assisted the program director with payroll and interviews for multiple programs. run weekly program rosters and reports. input member information and sell different programs. file away cc statements and members information for various programs. review and approve financial assistance email and mail out member invoices. answer incoming calls and emails about members accounts and programs. use varies office equipment ie .multi-phone systems computers fax machines copy machines. ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget. managed office supplies vendors organization and upkeep. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. opened and properly distributed incoming mail. greeted numerous visitors including vips vendors and interview candidates. helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office. maintained a clean reception area including lounge and associated areas. screened all visitors and directed them to the correct employee or
__label__APPAREL assistant banking center manager assistant banking center manager i summary experienced in signals analysis geo-spatial analysis electronic warfare analysis networks and threat analysis and dnr. limited knowledge of performing dni analysis. basic knowledge of computer network applications from the world wide web printers email and instant messaging. knowledge in local area networks as well as wide area networks. expert working knowledge and experience with google earth microsoft office suite various sigint geospatial analyst/signal analysis/sigdev collection identification and analysis processing tools applications and databases. experienced in analytic research and development techniques along with management of analysis databases and products. excellent oral and written communication skills regular displays of high levels of professionalism and problem-solving skills. bloomberg certified as of 2014. highly adaptive to changing environments a self-starter and people motivator with a broad set of analytical and technical skills. proficient in governmental health care programs and regulations eg. medicare advantage. highlights rt-rg suite belleview metrics anchory globalreach sedb signav nsanet target profiler ms office suite arcmap arcgis google earth analyst notebook dishfire jwics bloomberg archtics ticketmaster marx continuum facets medco med informatics care advance verint cisco citrix experience assistant banking center manager i 03/2016 to current knowledgeable in all aspects of running retail banking center
__label__BANKING senior associate executive profile senior associate executive profile seasoned financial markets professional with over 12 years of experience in global financial markets sales trading across the corporate and institutional space in india. skill highlights developing and sustaining strong client relationships. demonstrated ability to deliver solutions to clients based on excellent analytical skills. compatibility for both independent and teamwork. project management product development risk management assessor core accomplishments created strategies to develop and expand existing new customer relationships resulting in a 150 increase in annual global markets sales revenue helped grow bank s global markets revenue by 200 from 0.5m to 1.5m acquired 20 new clients in the past year with total trading volume of 10b through professional networking loan reviews and marketing professional experience senior associate 12/2012 to 06/2016 primary responsibilities included providing advisory execution to corporate institutional clients across foreign exchange interest rates commodities products in line with their credit risk profile reviewed clients accounts and results regularly to determine whether life changes economic developments or financial performance indicated a need for plan revision analyzed financial information obtained from clients to determine strategies for meeting clients financial risk management objectives communicated regularly with management regarding portfolio performance and new loan transaction quality interpreted
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technologist summary to engineering technologist summary to obtain a position within an organization that utilizes my skill set to continuously add vale and achieve best-in-class results skills profile more than 10 years of successful experience in data analyzing administrative and customer service roles with recognized strengths in account maintenance problem-solving thoroughness and extreme attention to detail efficient in self-motivating prioritizing multitasking meeting deadlines and working in independent capacity or as part of a team proficient in microsoft office programs openwells spotfire sap concur quickbooks and adobe ability to train motivate and supervise while also being able to delegate to appropriate support roles in a professional and constructive manner keen on picking up on new experiences and learning quickly from others about the demands of the job skilled at analyzing and assessing data while then presenting it in an efficient and conclusive manner excellent coordinating skills ranging from event planning logistics coordinating and managing correspondences experience engineering technologist dec 2016 to current sr administrative assistant/technologist jun 2014 to dec 2016 assistant office manager mar 2010 to dec 2010 managed sales team as well as dispatch team knowledgeable of the many forms of transportation procedures responsible for training new employees supervising and scheduling along with
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant i summary a accountant i summary a business management graduate with significant experience in disability services human resources and finance department seeking to apply my abilities to position in a human resource department. proven ability to deal with multiple tasks efficiently and maintain organization. highlights extensive customer service skills able to retain the confidentiality of paperwork and information flexible team player and quick learner interested in new technologies able to meet deadlines and handle stressful situations in a professional manner microsoft office word excel access and outlook knowledge of accounting system mmars system people soft system 7 and client tracking system excellent communicator written and verbal office experience- ability to create reports analyze data and manipulate data accomplishments created a pivot table for contracts department to utilize for renewal of contracts. received an opportunity to grow as an employee after my internship. work history experience accountant i 12/2010 to current provide administrative support to the finance unit and maintain orderly filing system for various departmental units oversee and maintain the proper and appropriate systems for storing financial records and documents utilized by finance unit assist contracts and accounts payable department with clerical duties such as faxing filing copying and scanning and assisting with
__label__FINANCE finance manager executive profile finance manager executive profile to work in an organization where i can put in best of my efforts which proves to be beneficial for the organization gives opportunities for professional and personal growth. looking forward to work on a long term assignments in a corporate environment where i will get exposed to different working conditions there by excelling and enhancing my skills along with benefiting the organization to reach greater heights. professional experience 01/2010 to 01/2014 presently working as finance manager at moevenpick hotel sukhumvit 15 bangkok. worked for ramada hotel and suites bangkok wyndham group 1st managed hotel in asia as a finance manager. 01/2008 finance manager 01/2006 to 01/2007 deputy manager 01/1980 to 01/2005 4 star hotel visakhapatnam managing all the activities of finance department and also handled the administration. mis budgets preparing management information statements and submitting to management. preparing budgets for the coming years. preparing statements and required statistical information for the board of directors meeting. monitoring the expenses with budget submit to the management variance report with budget. monitoring the inventories purchases. obtaining competitive market price on periodical basis. liaison with sales and marketing department for average daily rate from various market segments. preparing month
__label__CHEF head chef summary i head chef summary i am currently a student focused on earning a b.a. in computer science and becoming an android app developer. my goal is to develop technical skills to develop and manage investment activities in the international markets. areas of expertise i have experience with android studio java xml android sdk google apis databases jsoup firebase and material design. i am currently developing my own app for google playstore and amazon app market. i have experience using html css javascript and bootstrap photoshop and paint.net. experience 02/2013 to 02/2014 responsible for customer service at the sushi bar preparing quality authentic entr es and appetizers manage and utilize luxury imported products conservatively to minimize shrinkage and maintain overhead. responsible for training new employees and maintaining safety and efficiency behind sushi bar. 02/2008 to 03/2015 head chef prepare entr es in timely fashion maintain efficiency and safety in work environment. support and train new employees in kitchen. maintain cleanliness in the kitchen and sushi bar. 01/2005 to 01/2006 ramp agent responsible for guiding aircraft traffic baggage handling maintaining security on ramp removal of hazardous debris customer support cabin maintenance operating ground support equipment such as tugs forklifts and belt loaders. responsible
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development summary sales business development leader sales business development leader with career track of driving substantial profit margin and sales growth through strategic leadership and client development. noted record of delivering revenue growth through devising strategies expanding market opportunities and establishing brand recognition. recognized for ability to utilize innovative sales techniques to enhance business practices and improve productivity and profit results. strengths in forging client and vendor relationships focused on driving bottom-line results and top-line performance. skills business development sales leadership client development strategic planning market expansion team building leadership client engagement market analysis/competitive positioning sales presentations sales forecasting vendor sourcing/relations change management process improvement profit improvement experience january 2014 to january 2018 director of business development director of communications progressed through roles based on performance and contributions. led the development of strategies and tactical plans for driving sales and market share growth. facilitated meetings with prospective and existing clients to conduct presentations and promoted event support and transportation services. held direct accountability for all activities related to new business development market expansion and account management. partnered with executive leadership in devising strategic plans for expanding market and securing new business opportunities to maximize profit margin. utilized
__label__FINANCE manager finance summary strategic manager finance summary strategic and analytical finance and accounting professional with 15 years + experience of success in financial analysis budget preparation and financial reporting. very detail oriented and experienced in grant management general ledger reconciliation management and team- building skills. highlights budget preparation variance analysis forecasting cash flow analysis financial reporting superior time management management supervision proficient in prophix general ledger accounting aptitude certified public finance officer accomplishments budgeting extensive experience with preparing analyzing and reporting for various types of budgets. subject matter expert for the development and installation of new budgeting software prophix. auditing experience with financial statements audits reviews compilations and audits for governmental organizations. accounting skills reconcile various general ledger accounts explain variances and prepare reports for review with departments on a monthly basis. experience manager finance dec 2007 to current prepare and analyze annual operating budget schedules for all business units prepare monthly cash flow reports and analysis of data perform monthly reconciliations on various general ledger accounts manage the cash management banking and treasury functions manage debt management and compliance monitors for compliance with emma bond covenants and bond requirements conduct training for the operating budget software serve as financial advisor for budget data
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology executive profile director of information technology project manager business analyst technical support analyst visionary and highly accomplished information technology executive with success spanning 20+ years in high-performance multi-faceted environments. innovative and quality-driven professional to oversee enterprise resource planning data and voice networking software development performance analysis and other critical business processes. expertise establishing strategies and spearheading long-term initiatives to devise deploy and support it infrastructures in alignment with business objectives. adept administrator of enterprise projects and organizational budgets. skill highlights innovative leadership change management infrastructure design strategic planning technology development collaboration and liaison p l oversight organizational development mentoring and coaching professional experience director of information technology 08/2005 to current manage software development and infrastructure projects. direct daily operations and oversee vendor relationships. define project requirements and aligning efforts with clients and corporate needs and assess outcomes. develop and see change management processes release control maintenance and support activities and employee training programs. determine needs analysis for infrastructure and software requirements. establish corporate policies pertaining to staff and employee usage of technology. provides 24 x 7 technical support service level agreements sla s and root cause analysis reporting. directed staff of 7 it professionals comprising of
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS program manager professional summary program manager professional summary highly-motivated community service professional skilled at networking media outreach and relationship development. flexible and versatile team player who maintains a sense of humor under pressure. core qualifications citizen engagement employee relations media relations inter-governmental and legislative affairs social media event planning and logistics public speaking copywriting and copyediting microsoft word and excel expertise strong communication skills experience 10/2015 to 08/2016 program manager contributed to relevant blogs conferences and events both off-line and online to increase brand awareness. managed the complete redesign and launch of the s website in number months. created an official page on facebook to facilitate interaction with customers. managed all social media programs including internet forums blogs social networking applications and message boards. presented on current promotions to the public at events and tradeshows. wrote newsletter marketing copy and presentation materials for special projects. established effective working relationships with clients government officials and media representatives. developed and implemented communication strategies and information programs. gathered and analyzed data on community needs and interests. developed and published a monthly citizen newsletter. organized public appearances lectures contests and exhibits to increase product awareness. designed web and other content including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars. managed the
__label__CHEF pastry chef /server summary pastry chef /server summary my main goal is to ensure that procedures are followed for seating and serving guests. make sure that all staff act in a way that promotes guest satisfaction and handle any issues or complaints. it will be my pleasure to design and implement training for servers bussers hosts baristas and bartenders l this training will involve raining on menu items as well as shadowing other servers to learn the restaurant s procedures and standards. additionally i will work side by side with the kitchen manage rand team to assist with the restaurant s cost controls by helping develop systems to manage product waste labor costs and breakage. also i will oversee the facility upkeep ensuring that the front of house areas are clean and meet restaurant standards while arranging that repairs are made in a timely manner and i will facilities maintenances needed. highlights strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver energetic work attitude inventory control familiarity courteous demeanor top sales performer customer service expert adaptive team player opening/closing procedures accomplishments customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. customer assistance worked with
__label__HR hr intern summary highly hr intern summary highly driven recruiter who maintains a positive attitude under pressure and welcomes the challenge and responsibility of producing results quickly for clients. accomplishments devised a successful recruiting plan for the engineering team at magnasoft which resulted in 122 new employees in six months. work experience hr intern feb 2016 to current general recruitment with a focus on university recruitment create job postings and connect with students conduct telephonic screening. sourced the candidates through internal applicant tracking system. track key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists. posting positions through approved recruitment channels. screen all applicants based on their qualifications and background. hiring employees and initiated the new hire paperwork process. researched and prepared a new termination of employment policy. human resources assistant feb 2016 to current create job descriptions for new openings. manage employee information systems. gathered personnel records from all employees from each department. conducted job analysis and job evaluations resulting in quality job specifications. freelancer jan 2015 to jan 2016 i moved to the us in 2015. i was waiting to obtain the necessary employment authorization and permanent residency. i am now a permanent resident of the united states of america. recruiter jan 2011
__label__APPAREL it compliance auditor career it compliance auditor career overview i offer 15 years experience in various areas of the information technology field. including five years experience installing configuring and troubleshooting computer software and hardware problems. five years of experience managing software licenses/compliance coordinating purchases of major projects and volume license contract negotiations. five years of experience as an it compliance auditor in which i executed pci sox audits and provided corporate governance. qualifications certified software manager csm siia certified information security auditor isaca license 1191038 current mcp-windows 2000 mcp id 2797345 2000 server administration network infrastructure affiliations information systems audit and control association isaca software information industry association siia work experience it compliance auditor 01/2010 to current provide value-added control assurance/governance as it relates to security e-commerce and industry compliance requirements and controls. liaise with information technology and operations areas to proactively assess security policy compliance and monitor risk coordinate external/3rd party auditors including pci dss sas 70 record retention and business process improvement reviews manage internal it audit engagements including system platform audits pci compliance readiness reviews it risk assessments change management and business process control assurance manage security control assessments of payment systems for merchant boarding and settlement of funds. coordinate and
__label__BANKING banking center manager summary banking center manager summary professional/manager skilled at informing clients about products and services and recommending the best options to meet their needs. excellent interpersonal skills. versatile sales professional with background in banking and finance. consistently meets bank and customer service standards. results-oriented professional with over 7 years in sales and branch management. highly detail-oriented professional successful at meeting and exceeding branch goals. expertise in customer service relations and sales management. seeking a fulfilling position that offers growth opportunities and allows me to utilize my leadership skills and experience. highlights exceptional customer service sales expertise reliable excellent communication skills strong work ethic friendly energetic approachable flexible team player organized accomplishments consistently achieved a quarterly goals consistently helped associates development for new roles promotions selected to market leadership team for financial center managers experience banking center manager august 2012 to current banking center manager is responsible for managing a consumer banking center. bcm is responsible for leading managing and coaching a team of sales and service professionals to meet and exceed sales targets ensure the operational excellence of the banking center and create an excellent customer experience. bcm acts as general manager and is responsible for executing the one team model by
__label__HEALTHCARE staffing coordinator professional summary staffing coordinator professional summary an energetic staffing professional seeking challenging experiences in talent acquisition and talent management. solid communication interpersonal and organizational skills. experience in working with upper management and executives to coordinate meetings travel arrangements and onboarding of new employees. skill highlights event coordination microsoft word excel power point outlook sharepoint brassring and taleo candidate tracking systems training and experience in infovision ii retail link and spectra databases used to analyze sales numbers and performance and create progressive goals for upcoming months. professional experience 07/2015 to current staffing coordinator partner with us staffing representatives by scheduling interviews for candidates located in the us and abroad. coordinated travel arrangements for domestic candidates while maintaining hr data through taleo baxtalent systems. responsible for processing reports on a weekly basis within taleo. also responsible for source of hire and candidate slate reporting. formed relationships with hiring managers administrative assistants and staffing agencies to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling outcome. developed relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives. aid hiring managers within the research and development regulatory sales quality it manufacturing marketing legal hr and finance areas. point of contact for all candidate travel questions. processed invoices and special payment
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior construction manager senior senior construction manager senior construction manager summary schedule the project in logical steps and budget time required to meet deadlines. confer with supervisory personnel owners contractors or design professionals to discuss and resolve matters such as work procedures complaints or construction problems. prepare contracts and negotiate revisions changes and additions to contractual agreements with architects consultants clients suppliers and subcontractors. prepare and submit budget estimates progress reports or cost tracking reports. interpret and explain plans and contract terms to administrative staff workers and clients representing the owner or developer. plan organize or direct activities concerned with the construction or maintenance of structures facilities or systems. take actions to deal with the results of delays bad weather or emergencies at construction site. inspect or review projects to monitor compliance with building and safety codes or other regulations. study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods. select contract and oversee workers who complete specific pieces of the project such as painting or plumbing. obtain all necessary permits and licenses. direct and supervise workers. develop or implement quality control programs. investigate damage accidents or delays at construction sites to ensure that proper procedures are being carried out. determine labor requirements for dispatching workers
__label__TEACHER preschool teacher professional summary preschool teacher professional summary efficient accurate and detail-oriented with and innate drive to provide exceptional service. also experienced professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. skills strong communication skills microsoft office staff motivator commitment to quality and service profit enhancement employee hiring and retention work history preschool teacher february 2010 to august 2015 - collaborated with teachers to ensure the delivery of efficient high-quality service. successfully initiated and implemented projects which resulted in positive outcome . supervisor february 2004 to january 2010 - reviewed weekly inventory charts and recorded facility needs. consistently received positive feedback from guests on performance reviews. provided coaching mentoring and consultation to staff to enhance staff development. worked directly with retail vendors to achieve excellent customer service. team member january 2001 to march 2003 - supervised and coordinated dining room activities and employee schedules. set-up and operated line for birthday parties. education chattahoochee technical college current associate of applied science business management valdosta university business
__label__SALES sales associate professional profile sales associate professional profile reliable sales associate experienced in retail sales well trained in product placement and merchandising. extensive experience in inventory management and shipment processing. knowledgeable of the fashion industry including current trends. enthusiastic trustworthy and fashion-savvy with proficiency at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering superior customer service. i am proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. excellent multi-tasker friendly knowledgeable and persistent team player always pushing the people around me to do that extra step. along with retail i have worked in the culinary field as an important aspect to the restaurant being rewarded with promotions due to hard work and dedicated time. qualifications merchandising stocking retail sales credit card transactions meeting sale goals consistently documentation familiarity accurate money handling sales expertise customer oriented verbal/written communication active listening skills upselling strong interactive skills internet marketing social and new media point of sale pos system operation passion for customer satisfactions cash register familiarity inventory control outgoing personality team-player mentality experience sales associate 01/2016 to 05/2016 priced merchandise stocked shelves and took inventory. maintained established standards including window sales floor and promotional displays. operated cash register for cash
__label__DESIGNER product designer professional summary product designer professional summary 4-5 years engineering experience and 1-2 years working experience. able to work independently and under pressure detail oriented excellent problem solver innovator. efficient mechanical engineer leveraging a strong technical background in bringing products from the laboratory to mass-manufacturing. mechanical engineer with number + years of training in varied industries including manufacturing and high-tech environments. creative manufacturing engineer. lead team member on process redesign for describe product . design engineer who has worked on number new products including the product recognized for industry excellence. skills cad complex problem solving stress analysis training component functions and testing requirements technical direction and product strategies works well in diverse team environment strong decision maker engine components pumps and fuel systems knowledgefea toolsautocad proficientteam leadershipmanufacturing systems integrationmanufacturing systems integration work history product designer 10/2014 to current the team wants to develop a portable easily shipped cost effective hardware that can send and receive digital content directly from satellites. personally involve with prototype designing and 3d modeling. cooperating with a startup called outernet https //www.outernet.is/en/ a for-profit media that already has two satellites covering north america europe and the middle east and has recently started broadcasting free internet content. assisting drafters in
__label__ENGINEERING industrial engineering intern summary industrial engineering intern summary seeking for full time position where i can apply my technical knowledge skills for continuous improvement. i have 26 months of experience in lean manufacturing production planning and supply chain management. excellent computer and analytical skills. highlights application software ms office minitab powerpoint excel solid works autocad pro e database ms access sap programming java c c++ visual basic r python accomplishments quality control implementing of pdca cycle for improving image quality of smartphone camera implementing dmaic cycle for improving quality issues related to cosmetic damages scratches bent dent etc. using control charts and z transformation. metrics measurements time study process mapping jit work sampling of activities. intro to statistics data analysis using normal exponential distribution simple multi linear regression. project management project planning analysis scheduling using cpm and pert analysis. production inventory control develop assembly chart process flow layout for subway with jit. facility planning designing and planning picking process rack arrangement shipping and receiving locations. planning all warehouse process by analyzing previous order quantity records. developing new process in warehouse for maximum utilization of assets and meet required shipping demand during peek session. underwater robot worked at iit-bombay workshop to make an underwater robot.
__label__BANKING grants manager summary finance grants manager summary finance professional successful in not-for-profit and for-profit organizations wanting to resume career after meeting personal goals and obtaining unrestricted work authorization. skills accounting administration preparing trial balance balance sheet analysis bank reconciliation billing budgeting forecasting cash flows cash management services contracts credit risk due diligence financial analysis and modeling financial reporting financial statement analysis general ledger government grant proposals inventory management investment banking invoicing accounts payables accounts receivables legal issues risk analysis investment valuation. experience grants manager december 2009 to july 2014 perform due diligence on potential grant opportunities and monitor current funds portfolio. this included reading all government updates on healthcare research funding related financial matters and audits. worked as an integral person in all facets of financial administration in a small team with a culture of inclusion. have been appreciated and respected for my hard working skills and eagerness to learn. having worked with some of the best researchers in the healthcare field i have had to wear multiple hats and work with tight deadlines. specialized in preparing grant proposals for both federal and non-federal sponsors that included various grants mechanisms clinical trails research contracts and ipas. held a key role in pulling together and
__label__DESIGNER apparel technical designer career apparel technical designer career focus represent the s interest of universal and consistent fit aesthetics and proper construction of garments as well as standardizing product fit and constructions specifications. qualifications proven success in writing specification sheets knowledge of fitting pattern making and sewing knowledge of textiles experience in corresponding with contractors overseas excellent ability for flat sketching excellent administrative skills proficient in english and spanish skills microsoft software excel word outlook web pdm ibm as-400 professional experience apparel technical designer sep 2016 work with design on seasonal development stages to identify the styles that will require tech design support for . issue initial specs in order to expedite the first proto as well as resolve technical issues for design integrity target price delivery and quality as directed by design and merchant. manage fit cycle approval process from initial development through to stock approval. interface with design product development merchants production quality assurance and suppliers daily to ensure dos updated information has been communicated. measure garments for fittings with speed and accuracy. pull the history and any specific references basic standard fit binders and prepare for the fittings as needed. maintain and update daily fit log indicating the approval status styles.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development associate summary business development associate summary hungry and highly driven successful sales professional with over 10 years experience. a strategic thinker and communicator who implements creative sales strategies to achieve and maintain high sales growth. adept at building excellent working relationships with corporate and/or not for profit executives focused on achieving present as well as long term goals. experienced in public relations project development account management sales strategies to close and implementing endeavors for clients. highlights meeting/exceeding sales goals highly driven and motivated excellent communicative skills successful implementation of sales strategies negotiations expert tenacious closer consistently reliable sales highly intuitive to clients needs professional experience business development associate may 2016 to current create a pipeline of prospects by establishing and maintain professional relationships with key decision makers research source make initial contact email cold calling telephone prospecting and meet potential clients at their locations to accurately qualify the prospect and establish needs prepare and present proposals and close new accounts develop and maintain sales plan and ensure achievement of sales targets and profitability network and actively participate in user groups associations and trade shows in targeted vertical work closely with the marketing team and the business development team to generate new leads
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction site manager summary construction site manager summary supervising and overseeing the direction of the project or a package ensuring that the client s specifications and requirements are met reviewing progress and liaising with quantity surveyors to monitor costs liaising with the client other construction professionals and sometimes members of the public coordinating and supervising construction workers selecting tools and materials making safety inspections and ensuring construction and site safety checking and preparing site reports designs and drawings maintaining quality control procedures finding ways to prevent problems and to solve any that crop up assessing and minimising risk writing reports and keeping on top of paperwork helping to negotiating contracts and securing permits and licences as construction managers work on site wherever that site is be prepared to relocate or face a longer commute as and when required. skills good communication skills problem solving skills decision-making ability commercial awareness ability to motivate other teamworking skills good knowledge of building methods and regulations customer service account management business-to-business background capital planning staff training contract negotiation networking ability lead development product expertise crisis communications marketing blueprint reading regulation and compliance excellent driving record detail-oriented good mechanical aptitude production line/assembly line forklift experience good verbal/written communication skills
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare recruiter highlights microsoft healthcare recruiter highlights microsoft office suite word excel powerpoint outlook access google documents winteam. experience healthcare recruiter 08/2015 03/2016 created announcements for open job positions posted announcements online on website and major job posting websites such as careerbuilder monster and indeed to attract interested candidates. addressed questions from public employees and outside agencies regarding current employment opportunities and application status. interviewed prospective candidates to assess qualifications and capabilities guided candidates through application process scored written exams and notified candidates of results. drafted employment contracts and prepared onboarding and orientation documentation for new hires. maintained up-to-date hr files by identifying and purging obsolete record sand transferring records to storage. hr administrator 01/2014 01/2015 03/2010 07/2015 administrative assistant 01/2010 01/2014 assisted district manager to administer personnel workers compensation general liability training and recruitment programs. researched planned and implemented training programs to develop existing staff competencies and facilitate new hire orientation and onboarding. coordinated group interviews to help organization select qualified candidates for open positions worked with staffing agencies to place temporary workers in administrative positions throughout company. helped applicants fill out paperwork including tax forms benefits forms and associated new hire documentation. analyzed existing hr department operations and provided recommendations to improve
__label__SALES sales manager/ territory sales sales manager/ territory sales manager experience sales manager/ territory sales manager 02/2014 to 08/2015 selling and working with franchises strategic partners on mobile loyalty platform. working with digital and advertising agencies on reselling productselling local clients in the arkansas territory on the mobile loyalty platform. marketing executive/senior sales consultant 04/2011 to 01/2014 aggressively research develop and cultivate leads for livingsocial deals using a variety of online and offline sourcesmeet and strive to exceed individual monthly quarterly and annual sales goalsqualify prospective clients by phone and close deals in-personuse consultative sales skills to assess merchant goals propose a customized livingsocial solution and obtain commitmentmanage relationships with established clients and construct proposals and contracts within selling guidelines to develop and maintain a book of businesscommunicate ongoing contacts and sales activities utilizing salesforce.comprovide ongoing and up-to-date documentation to the operations team and regularly collaborate best deal strategies 1st ranked mc 2011-north america 2011 annual review rating- 5mvp hawaii whale winner circle 2011 vp many cole challenge badge turkey gravy badge dasher badge blue whale badge march madness badge nothing but net badge-attended vip event for 1st qtr red hot chili peppers rock star badge winner-was among the 12 that was treated to dinner
__label__CHEF rm roxanne mejia summary rm roxanne mejia summary motivating chef competent in keeping kitchen staff on task and handling high-volume work. knowledgeable about sourcing ingredients maintaining budgets and maximizing customer satisfaction. works with general manager to analyze food costs and forecast business trends to make menu recommendations to meet goals. skills portion and cost control waste control budgeting and cost control food preparation techniques purchasing kitchen equipment and tools verbal and written communication dish preparation cleaning and sanitizing methods experience chef 11/2020 - current cleaned sanitized and maintained food storage preparation and serving areas. instructed cooks and other workers in preparation cooking garnishing and presentation of food monitored quality presentation and quantities of plated food across line. trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques. monitored kitchen area and staff to maintain overall safety and establish proper food handling techniques. assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted. implemented surface and equipment schedules and standards to maintain clean neat and sanitized kitchen. checked stock deliveries for safety quality and quantity. inspected freezers and refrigerators prior to each shift to check temperature levels and verify proper functionality. collaborated with department staff to prepare food items in accordance with recipes and established standards. supervised
__label__HEALTHCARE director of applications profile director of applications profile accomplished healthcare professional with an exemplary background in healthcare it. progressive leadership experience in healthcare it. proven ability in strategic planning business requirements gathering creating roadmap with short term and long term goals budget estimation and management negotiation return on investment and return on value analysis. proactive leader with an excellent work ethic and commitment to exceptional customer service. skills graduate assistant - team lead lead implementation of optical character recognition ocr system in registrar office. technical proficiencies hcis/ehr meditech magic cs 5.6x and 6.x athena. pm tools ms word excel power point quick base sharepoint project visio. professional experience july 2013 to current director of applications 400+ licensed bed non-profit faith based hospital with residency program two nursing homes and ten outpatient physician practices report to the vp/cio of it. management of all it applications administrative clinical revenue cycle ambulatory ancillary . manage 5m budget. evaluate organizations it needs create strategic plan and implement new projects. negotiation saved over 250 000 when purchasing new products. manage staff 7 application analysts 2 team leads and 2 consultants. ehr workflow re-design and optimization integrating standalone applications and systems to automate the workflow. consolidating and eliminating redundant applications.
__label__FINANCE secretary - finance division secretary - finance division summary an energetic skillful and dedicated administrative assistant offering versatile office management planning and detailed skills. able to provide extensive experience of administrative support organization time management and confidentiality for executive-level staff of daily operations and functions. ambitious and goal-oriented individual looking to obtain a position at a successful which offers opportunities for professional growth. highlights customer service oriented microsoft office proficient detail-oriented professional phone etiquette social media knowledge flexible and team player type 80 wpm time management appointment and meeting planning works well under pressure manage work flow of an office professional self-starter articulate excellent interpersonal skills creative strong communicator accounting invoice processing experience payroll knowledge of proper grammar accomplishments - additional training and seminars to increase knowledge - cert trained and certified - eoc backup for public information office - disaster preparedness academy attendee - creation of various tools to increase effective communication and efficiency a couple versions of desk diaries emergency go kits marketing weekly experience 08/2014 - current secretary - finance division began job-sharing between the finance and communications marketing divisions in august of 2014. duties within the finance division include but are not limited to manage records retention for department professionally
__label__AVIATION aviation maintainer professional summary aviation maintainer professional summary 6 years experience as a fast food cook/assistant manager. 2 years experience as a customer service representative in a call center. 1 year and 3 months experience as a security guard. multi-tasking manager well-known for creating positive environments where employees can thrive and succeed. detailed and well-aware of direct competitors and their strategies. pursuing a new management role where hard work and dedication will be highly valued. results-oriented store manager focused on increasing profits reducing costs inventory management and transforming customer service standards. excellent communicator with 2 years in a demanding call center environment as a customer service representative. skills typing speed 50 words per minute quickbooks apple or macintosh computers ms outlook photoshop ms powerpoint ms excel ms word fork lift operation cherry picker and stand up forklift . team leadership team liaison conflict resolution data management process implementation self-motivated risk management processes and analysis staff development timeline management customer relations deadline-oriented staff training/development efficient multi-tasker customer service-oriented goal attainment relationship building coaching and mentoring customer service effective leader employee scheduling work history aviation maintainer august 2017 - april 2018 bct certified. trained as a leader and a specialist in the field of aviation maintaining.
__label__ENGINEERING engineering assistant summary hard engineering assistant summary hard working recent graduate intending a part time or full time job to build experience in a civil engineering working environment. bringing civil engineering office and field experience in roadway design and traffic engineering. highlights proficient in computer software including microstation guidesign autocad google earth google documents ms excel ms powerpoint and ms word. experience engineering assistant 05/2013 to 05/2014 worked on virginia department of transportation vdot and fairfax county department of transportation roadway projects in virginia and washington dc area. worked with vdot fcdot and prime consultants engineers to prepare project documents including plans special provisions and estimates. prepared roadway design for i-495 express lanes from route 7 to jones branch connector. worked on i-66 and route 50 to prepare project plans and contract documents. worked on county roads route 643 and route 645 in fairfax county roads in fairfax county using vdot standard specification and project special provisions. assisted project engineers to prepare project roadway design using autocad and microstation. used highway capacity manual to perform traffic analysis and evaluation of intersections and roadways using highway capacity manual. performed peak and off-peak traffic counts at the intersections and roadway for traffic studies. designed project traffic
__label__TEACHER teacher and reading teacher teacher and reading teacher summary energetic employee with over 9 years experience in administrative. dedicated and focused employee who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. support roles. organized and professional. highlights meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management professional and mature strong problem solver resourceful strong interpersonal skills experience 08/2016 to current teacher and reading teacher follow the district s curriculum for 9th grade and implement daily lesson plans for 9th grade administer tests and analyze student performance. foster a classroom environment conducive to learning and promoting excellent student/teacher interaction. participate in faculty/parent conferences. contact parents by phone and email to discuss student issues and or concerns. follow district policies and procedures for teachers. document student performance/concerns for student records. remain professional and ethical at all times. adult education summer school james irvin education center housed at wesley chapel high school. english 3 and english 4 responsibilities follow the district s curriculum for 11th and 12th grade and implement daily lesson plans for 11th and 12th grade administer tests and analyze student performance. foster a classroom environment conducive to learning and promoting excellent
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS about creative communications professional about creative communications professional good with implementing pr strategy writing press collateral and managing press on-site at events launches and trade shows. also experienced in maintaining relationships to secure press placements creating event and launch timelines and strategies and managing influencer campaigns and partnerships. additionally accomplished and well-versed in roi social media marketing strategy creative marketing initiatives sem design content and copywriting. education may 2015 bachelor of science public relations the university of texas at austin student in the stan richards school of advertising and public relations vp ut austin public relations student society of america texas creative advertising sequence completed business foundations certificate in marketing and management the mccombs school of business ut austin accomplishments created personal freelance agency la femme new york in may 2015 and secured press placements and launch initiatives for over 6 project-based clients in just 7 months through strategic social media marketing increased social media revenue up to 15 000 a month for hatch collection managed and initiated brand and influencer partnerships garnering over 60 000 in conversion increased acquisition engagement and following on social media platforms 8 000 followers in 5 months at hatch collection experience 12/2015 to current digital marketing and social
__label__CHEF chef summary focused operations chef summary focused operations manager successful in contract negotiation and process improvement. remains calm and poised even in high-pressure situations. leverages in-depth knowledge of industry trends and shifts to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion. highlights strong creative vision management skills strong communication skills adaptable creative team player accurate money handling verbal/written communication hard-working inventory control sound judgment computer-savvy calm under pressure complex problem solving experience april 2015 to current chef cooking and prepping food for guests daily inventory assignments providing friendly customer service accomplishments being a proactive team player and being able to be willing to see a problem through to the end. october 2011 to august 2013 head cashier my responsibilities were to provide customer service to the customers. and handling daily money counts. also to provide change to other cashier march 2010 to december 2011 head cashier provide a comfortable environment for customers knowledge of movies and videos. maintain inventory counts of merchandise and other product daily cash counts education high school for environmental studies 2008 high school diploma kingsborough community college liberal arts personal information dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. always eager to learn
__label__HEALTHCARE corporate regional recruiter summary corporate regional recruiter summary highly driven recruiter who maintains a positive attitude under pressure and welcomes the challenge and responsibility of producing results quickly for clients. highlights recruiting and selection techniques proficient communicator fluent in spanish practiced in hris technologies icims applicant tracking software talent assessments hiring recommendations experience corporate regional recruiter 06/2015 to current responsible for screening interviewing and referring the most qualified applicants to hiring managers. works with talent acquisition specialist to effectively market open positions positively as opportunities while providing applicants with a realistic job preview presents bethesda as a premier provider of services. establishes cultivates and maintains ongoing relationships with management in order to understand recruitment needs and identify skills needed for vacancies. attends departmental staff and other meetings as requested to acquire substantial knowledge about department s business objectives goals operations and work culture. conducts daily calls with potential candidates to build pipeline of applicants to meet common and unique staffing needs updates candidates on the hiring process and ensures a smooth transition post-hire. partners with regional hr director talent acquisition specialist and regional management to develop and implement the regional recruitment plan. manages established selection process to include initial interviewing to screen for basic
__label__ADVOCATE personal banker safe 1 personal banker safe 1 and business advocate profile skilled and awarded personal and business banker whose talents shine in a competitive innovative and creative environment. track record of exceeding sales goals improving client retention and growing customer base. team player who truly believes in providing clients with the utmost client experience. has a contagious energy that surrounds the environment she works in. e xperienced in high-volume multi-unit retail and business operations. desires a high-level position in a professional corporate environment. core accomplishments top personal banker and business advocate in the district received the star credit award received the national achiever banker award received numerous awards for exceeding sales goals and customers satisfactions. received most balanced performer award. received employee of the year award. received several employee of the month awards. received sales winner awards an mvp award winner a productivity award winner received community top personal banker award received numerous letters of appreciation and recognition from numbers of highly satisfied customers ranked among the top telephone bankers and customer service representatives in the nation received highest quality score award as telephone banker. professional experience personal banker safe 1 and business advocate dec 2013 consistently a top performing personal banker and
__label__SALES sales associate summary dedicated sales associate summary dedicated sales associate offering number years of success in fostering quality shopping experiences through expert needs assessment and extensive product knowledge. proven history of exceeding sales targets and meeting customer needs with effective product solutions. skilled in training and mentoring new associates on customer service and sales best practices. talented job title with strong background in area of expertise . passionate about type sales customer relationship management and merchandising. strategically increase profitability with enhanced displays and appealing ensembles. focused job title driven to develop and implement fresh sales and marketing strategies with financial and operational discipline. skilled at building strategic partnerships and managing existing relationships. proven leader with history meeting and exceeding sales objectives. skills inventory control procedures cash handling accuracy dispute mediation relationship selling merchandising knowledge sales expertise cash register operation client account management excellent communication skills market research and analysis product sales retail merchandising expertise experience 06/2018 - 10/2019 sales associate answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products services store hours policies and promotions. retained product service and policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers. surpassed daily sales goals number by cross-selling product or service and promoting additional products.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development summary dedicated and driven sales and marketing strategist with 8+ years experience in cloud software industry. proven ability to research develop and implement technical sales and marketing plans. expert in the technical content development of sales collateral that effectively reinforces the solution benefits. skilled writer trainer and presenter. fast learner works well under pressure committed to team success. highlights director of business development privacy data systems llc dedicated and driven sales and marketing strategist with 8+ years experience in cloud software industry. proven ability to research develop and implement technical sales and marketing plans. expert in the technical content development of sales collateral that effectively reinforces the solution benefits. skilled writer trainer and presenter. fast learner works well under pressure committed to team success. skills core competencies presales and implementation support development of marketing strategies competitive analysis market research development of training materials product positioning branding product demonstrations development of sales collateral public media relations web print content development client support post sales ability to listen understand and relay business needs to technical and development teams adobe creative suite photoshop illustrator indesign adobe acrobat crm proficiency in administration of salesforce and microsoft dynamics crm applications including
__label__DESIGNER nx unigraphics designer summary nx unigraphics designer summary highlights virus and spyware removal highly motivated resourceful organized excellent communication techniques attention to detail fast learner education associate of applied science computer networking technology - microsoft option 2012 baker college of owosso gpa gpa 3.55 graduated cum laude dean s list recipient gpa 3.55 graduated cum laude dean s list recipient associate of applied science drafting design technology 1997 baker college of owosso gpa gpa 3.56 graduated cum laude dean s list recipient gpa 3.56 graduated cum laude dean s list recipient experience nx unigraphics designer mar 2013 to aug 2014 design and modify chrysler and gm shipping racks for prototype or production. used nx 7.5 nx 8.0 or nx 8.5. cashier aug 2012 to mar 2013 operate cash register authorize gas pumps sell lotto tickets stock shelves and other areas and clean store. cashier/bakery aug 2010 to aug 2012 operated cash register cleaned cashier lanes bagged groceries as needed stocked shelves with baked goods prepped frozen bread and roll dough for the bakers cleaned doughnut case. unigraphics designer cad jun 2004 to jan 2009 designed and detailed parts for intermediate shafts and steering columns for gm steering columns using ug nx and ug nx2.
__label__HEALTHCARE registered nurse professional summary registered nurse professional summary to improve the wellbeing of the patients i serve and to manage illness with skill and compassion to provide a safe and therapeutic environment to all patients and families through assessment and critical thinking to anticipate potential problems to enhance and speed the recovery process of each individual to promote respect positive communication and collaboration among all healthcare teams including patients and families licenses cpr certified through american heart association registered nurse in the of pennsylvania license number rn645795 skill highlights medication administration skilled orthopedic nurse broad medical terminology knowledge use of hemovacs autotransfusion devices continuous passive motion therapy traction orthopedic braces iv drug therapy management body mechanics knowledge specimen collection/processing proficiency professional experience february 2013 to current registered nurse applying nursing knowledge and skills within relationship based care using nursing processes to meet the clinical spiritual and psychological needs of the patients and families serving as a highly engaged partner on the care team and responding to care team member needs for assistance and partnership participating in work that improves patient care and the professional practice environments adapting to changes and demonstrating flexibility within the change processes assisted patients with healing and recovery after surgery
__label__TEACHER preschool teacher professional summary preschool teacher professional summary detail-oriented teacher with experience. demonstrated success in personal and professional settings providing range of document and text translation services. skills ms office interpersonal communication planning and coordination basic interpersonal interpersonal communication customer relations customer satisfaction english math ms office neat packaging rapport safety sales selling teaching phone turkish work history 06/2020 to current put final products together and efficiently organized items and packaging for shipment. kept work areas organized clean and free of hazards promoting consistent productivity. increased productivity by 15 . maintained clean and neat work area to maximize productivity and prevent errors. preschool teacher 08/2019 to current indiana math and science academy educating children younger than 5 to help prepare them for school by teaching basic learning concepts such as numbers colors and shapes as well as to develop their social motor and language skills. identified children in need of extra support for emotional health-related or developmental concerns and conceived improvement strategies. implemented hands-on play-based strategies such as games and crafts for experiential learning. welcome desk representative and gate attendant 01/2019 to 12/2020 provided follow-through on all calls with confirmations and dissemination of requested information. suggested various packages and amenities to guests helping each
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary highly finance manager summary highly organized and detail-focused accounting technician with an exceptional track record of accurately handling financial reporting in deadline-oriented environments. skilled in recording transactions posting debits and credits reconciling accounts and ensuring accuracy and completeness of data. expertise in developing and delivering monthly quarterly and annual financial statements within tight deadlines. proficiency in managing accounts payable and accounts receivable generating invoices and monthly statements for clients. proven ability to identify and implement improvements to streamline processes and increase efficiency and productivity. highlights microsoft word microsoft excel financial edge and quickbooks and able to learn proprietary systems/applications quickly and easily. skill proficiencies quarterly reports accounts payable/receivable budget preparation process improvement financial statements reconciliation experience finance manager november 2009 to october 2015 - prepare schedules and consolidate information for annual budget planning. prepare financial statements with budget and actual comparisons using financial edge. compiles and prepares ongoing cash flow forecasting and needs analysis. prepare items and schedules for annual compliance and financial audits. prepares account and bank reconciliations. obtain bids and proposals as applicable for capital equipment fixed assets and services. maintain fixed assets files. manage credit card assignment and limits. prepare and manage job descriptions orientation and departure paper.
__label__DESIGNER instructional designer summary motivating instructional designer summary motivating and talented instructional designer driven to inspire students to pursue academic and personal excellence. strives to create a challenging and engaging learning environment in which students become life-long learners. highlights effective use of multi-media teaching tools exceptional written and verbal communicator online course instructor innovative teaching methods accomplished academic advisor innovative thinker natural leader experience august 2012 to current instructional designer collaborate one on one with subject matter experts during new online course development and design. appraise course creation quality by identifying and providing for developmental needs and take corrective action when necessary. apply the appropriate learning theory instructional theory and applications of media to online instruction. plan design and develop effective instructional materials that are functional intuitive informative and consistent with sound instructional design principles for online learning. plan and develop faculty workshops and trainings in areas of instructional design and in the use of specific instructional technology tools to assist faculty with learning about educational technology and online instructional methods. remain current with and have a thorough understanding of the emerging applications of instructional multimedia instructional technology and trends in online education and implement improvements. research evaluate and recommend appropriate hardware and software to
__label__APPAREL sourcing merchandising analyst summary sourcing merchandising analyst summary sourcing and merchandising analyst committed to staying current on market trends and consumer interests. collaborates with manufacturers to create the best product plans and boost sales revenue. highlights retail buying purchasing inventory control product development sourcing negotiating detail oriented analyitical experience 02/2014 to current sourcing merchandising analyst shop the market find new products that fill current voids in the product mix analyze sales to determine categories to expand or reduce set pricing based on margin goals while being mindful of market prices for similar products develop new products with vendors as well internal engineering departments based on specifications acquired during research source new products from overseas vendors while assuring that our specifications and quality requirements are met create marketing plans to present my vision for the products to be shown on the website collaborate with several internal departments to assure that we are optimizing our web presence to increase sales report on key performance indicators kpis to upper management. 05/2008 to 01/2014 contracts representative ii managed the contract lifecycle from the request for purchase rfp through closeout negotiated terms and conditions t s c s and pricing for contracts reviewed and negotiated terms of non-disclosure and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY training manager executive summary training manager executive summary qualified training manager offering a record of successful job performance with proven problem solving ability and experience developing and implementing innovative solutions. experienced leadership and development professional with over 10 years experience in various training environments. intermediate/expert level in all ms applications. strong training management learning/development administrative and consultative skills. client organizational and task oriented problem solver with the ability to rapidly adapt to new situations. core qualifications training and development supervision and training policy/program development certified train the trainer t3 management of remote employees curriculum development talent development military civilian training master black belt instructor operations management cross-functional team management training manual contributor call center management experience customer service management expertise professional experience training manager 08/2011 to 09/2015 creating and implementing training programs and overseeing the development of careers. set performance metrics evaluate productivity and help workers create long-term career plans within an organization. develop implement and monitor training programs within an organization. supervise technical training for staff. conduct orientation sessions. create training materials and develop multimedia visual aids and presentations. create testing and evaluation processes. evaluate needs of and plan training programs accordingly. conduct performance evaluations. provide classroom training demonstrations on-the-job training meetings conferences
__label__BANKING assistant vice president highlights assistant vice president highlights ms office suite markit cass ii brokerage system hp quality center impact pegasystems bloomberg reuters dodd-frank fatca emir isda chips swift experience assistant vice president february 2013 to current oversaw the domestic migration of the post trade confirmation function which included the training and management of a team of 11 in the drafting of our structured rates and credit products in accordance to isda standards and in adherence to dodd frank cftc emir liaise with legal credit and sales/trading teams on the negation and execution of mcas for our high volume and complex clients create and review documentation templates for newly created bespoke products while resolving client language disputes/discrepancies manages various dfx project initiatives intended to implement strategic solutions to standardize client operations increase efficiency mitigate operational risk and satisfy regulatory requirements represents barclays on international swaps and derivatives association industry working groups that discuss industry trends and changes corporate banking - global payments risk control / project management managed a large global in-sourcing project which resulted in a multi-million-dollar cost savings for the firm project includes facilitating uat and regression testing new-hire training and post migration analysis and reporting. screened investigated all financial transactions and
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary to finance manager summary to obtain challenging assignments in finance/ banking/ accounts with an organization of repute. accomplishments banking rich experience in in the areas of banking operations cash management treasury management credit administration trade finance forex operations risk management alm kyc client servicing and team management. finance funds management budgeting and forecasting cash flow internal controls audit mis reports finalization of accounts credit facilities letter of credits and financial analysis accounts account receivables accounts payable maintenance of proper books of accounts in tally/erp platforms finalization of accounts community management community management maintenance of asset register escrow accounts trust accounts facility management legal compliance and purchases management. administration proficient in day to day office administrtion hr functions and owners association administrative functions. experience finance manager march 2012 to may 2013 provided strategic and tactical leadership in finance/accounting and auditing of communities under the management of the company. analyzing and interpreting financial results and forecasts variance analysis p l impact providing key business and financial guidance to the organization budgeting and forecasting responsible for the finance management of the by providing necessary frame work for the funds management accounts management and internal administration of the company. interact with financial institutions government departments
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary to achieve accountant summary to achieve a job as an accountant that utilizes my accounting communication analytical leadership skills. highlights ms office excel word powerpoint sap r/3 adobe reader quickbooks lacerte prosystems tax base accounts payable processes management invoices/expense reports/payment transactions corporate accounting bookkeeping finalization of trial balance balance sheet/income statement. spreadsheets accounting reports tax reporting planning filing of returns. handle customer relations. journal entries general ledger bank reconciliation general ledger. teambuilding staff supervision experience 09/2014 to current accountant working for all clients in usa implemented quickbooks accounting v. 2013 and 2016 for all the companies including but not limited to chart of accounts. implemented quicbooks payroll v.2016 from scratch working on processing of journal entries accounts payable receivables using prosystems software. bookkeeping of small and midsized companies worked on bank reconciliation cash management and financial statements analysis. preparation and finalization of federal and multi tax returns for individuals corporate using lacerte software. worked on preparing and processing payroll returns and sales and use tax returns worked on preparation of w2 s and 1099. lead in finalizing monthly and yearly accounting closing entries. perform ms office excel spreadsheets and databases for financial reporting for financial reporting. in process of learning vlookup and
__label__ARTS theater arts teacher program theater arts teacher program director summary passionate and dedicated theater arts teacher with expertise in secondary curriculum development classroom management relationship building continued professional development and management of a successful theater arts program for over six years. highlights valid and current teaching certification in texas strong communication skills talented public speaker talented mediator self-motivated results-oriented accomplishments dallas theater center project discovery partner grant recipient local school council committee member freshman class sponsor high school u.i.l. one act play director middle school u.i.l. one act play director u.i.l. theatrical design sponsor and coach u.i.l. young film makers sponsor u.i.l. prose and poetry judge u.i.l. young film makers judge texas educational theatre association member teacher of the month partner with student council activities emergency relocation team member drama club sponsor musical theater productions booster club member junior class prom sponsor experience theater arts teacher program director august 2008 to current theater arts 1-4 technical theater and theater arts production to grades 9-12. u.i.l.one act play director u.i.l. film festival contest sponsor judge direct fall play production or musical maintain professional and student memberships auditions travel and workshops drama club sponsor maintain drama club activity funds and club activities account management supervisor to
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS executive director executive profile executive director executive profile visionary executive director who excels at marketing communication with demonstrated ability in the development of results-driven strategic comprehensive marketing and public relations plans and managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration. skill highlights leadership/communication skills strategic planning project management budgeting expertise self-motivated marketing public relations print broadcast web and social media communication core accomplishments managing editor academic varsity an informal history of the morningside college interdepartmental honors program 2002 morningside college press keynote speaker quota international of sioux annual eighth grade honors luncheon march 2006 and march 2007 professional experience executive director may 2013 to current responsibilities related to writer/editor position chief writer/editor responsible for writing/editing content for all organizational publications including the development and production of all public relations materials the web sites www.foothillscac.org beaheroforkids.org wordshurttoo.org newsletters publications and educational materials. example the fall 2014 newsletter available at http //www.foothillscac.org/uploads/9/9/2/1/9921414/foothills-newsletter-fall-2014.pdf maintains and updates web sites in coordination with a volunteer webmaster. ensures that the overall message aligns with the vision mission and goals of the center. public awareness and community relations oversees the development and implementation of comprehensive outreach education and awareness programs for the community maintains and develops relationships with community
__label__FINANCE finance coordinator highlights microsoft finance coordinator highlights microsoft excel word access powerpoint ms outlook sap marketing funds system siebel as400/mainframe baan erp sharepoint salesforce.com sap crm experience 05/2014 - current finance coordinator summary dedicated accounting and finance professional with proficient analytical budget processing supporting and researching experience that includes general ledger reconciliation data management and analysis auditing accounts payable and accounts receivables. successful at managing multiple assignments while meeting tight deadlines. adept at building productive cross-functional team relationships and leveraging these relationships to gain cooperation in resolving issues. 02/2012 - 05/2014 master data specialist accurately created customer master data records and sales hierarchies in sap. served as subject matter expert on warehouse direct wd accounts addressing escalated issues and answering questions from the business regarding wd processes. involved in sharepoint project which reduced the wd account create and change work flow process time by half. 12/2008 - 02/2012 financial analyst worked closely with pharmaceutical client cfo and controller generating reports and reconciliations to assist in cash flow forecasting. performed reconciliations utilizing excel techniques including v-lookups and pivot tables. consistently managed and completed month end close process within five business days. processed client approved write-offs accruals journal entries and posted transactions to the general ledger.
__label__HEALTHCARE registered nurse professional summary registered nurse professional summary to provide safe efficient and quality care to patients and their families while adhering to policies and procedures. licenses completed coursework in anatomy and physiology anatomy lab english composition cardiopulmonary resuscitation microbiology and microbiology lab and medical terminology skill highlights microsoft office word excel powerpoint and outlook professional experience 06/2016 registered nurse self-motivated leader with over 8 years of experience in emergency medicine and health care. self-starter who is able to maneuver through tasks and make sure the job is done in a timely and proficient manner. trainer and teacher who can effectively break down tasks so they can be understood and executed without flaws. facilitator of group projects to help others understand the objective and how to produce an effective outcome of the job being presented. creative mindset that can present an outcome in more than one way with many options being available. able to communicate with other team members from diverse backgrounds and incorporate the needs of every individual to create a positive atmosphere. able to recognize abnormalities and report them in a timely and efficient manner. flexible by being able to quickly adapt to change at the last minute and complete the project
__label__FINANCE finance accountant summary staff finance accountant summary staff accountant proficient flexible who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. adept at budget forecasting financial reporting and successful at managing multiple projects. consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. highlights accounting operations professional compliance testing knowledge managerial aptitude account reconciliation expert ethical approach to finance accounts receivable general ledger accounting skills accounts payable financial statement analysis invoice coding familiarity analytical reasoning intuit quick books specialist payroll budget forecasting expertise accomplishments formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis budgeting and forecasting. operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. extensive experience with financial statements audits reviews compilations and audits for governmental organizations. researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed. increased compliance for the cash management department by aiding in internal and external audits. experience finance accountant 05/2012 monitored new trends and technologies as they applied to audit areas for 23 funds. worked on collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes for 23 funds. managed accounting operations for
__label__APPAREL sr. freelance designer/product development sr. freelance designer/product development manager summary product development manager/sr. designer of apparel packaging and graphics. responsible for delivering the fashion needs on a wide range of products. ability to collaborate with the product development team to execute production. create trend/theme boards color palettes and hand/computer sketch. strong understanding of production as well as cost structure and technical packages. ability to provide clear accurate and complete specifications for each style. area of expertise strong fabric knowledge of cut n sew woven s sweaters skills adobe creative suites-illustrator photoshop indesign-cc microsoft office- excel word power point lotus notes outlook. cad- ned graphics-easy weave easy knit coloring and repeat. working knowledge of u4ia and kaledo. pdm/plm. experience sr. freelance designer/product development manager 07/2012 to current worked cross functionally while building and maintaining relationships with product development departments. execute all product details including construction detail color form style fit graphic application trim etc. worked directly with clients through out all stages of development to production. worked with clients in selling and designing the interior of their homes at ballard designs/pottery barn kids. developed packaging for multiple apparel /footwear companies with tjx/avery dennison. designed graphic design -t-shirts/pet wear with b positive project/petrageous designs. designed children
__label__AVIATION desktop support engineer profile desktop support engineer profile dedicated system center 2012 administrator/desktop support engineer with nine plus years in providing effective management and support process. administers and implements global it change management to forty cities domestically and 10 cities internationally. effectively prioritizes goals and performs under short deadlines to increase productivity without sacrificing quality. proficient in the day-to-day administration of system center configuration manager 2012 r2 sccm 2012 . provide technical support to staff and customers by responding and following-up on internal and external customer support problems. core qualifications windows 7 image deploying via sccm 2012 r2. windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 patch management. application deploying. task sequence development. professional experience desktop support engineer august 2012 to current develop manage and maintain north highland pc images building testing manage inventory pcs platform specifications through the utilization of system center configuration manager 2012 r2 sccm 2012 . critical and required software and patch management for windows 7 and some windows server 2008 utilizing sccm2012 r2. operation system deployment osd and application creation within sccm2012 r2. work directly with the customers in order to ensure a quality solution is delivered and all issues are identified escalated and resolved in a proactive manner. review
__label__HEALTHCARE licensed healthcare communicator summary licensed healthcare communicator summary to obtain a stable and growth-oriented position which will allow me to promote the profession of nursing by training and developing current and future nurses. experience 10/2016 to current licensed healthcare communicator representing clients on a variety of projects via inbound/outbound telecommunication which includes . providing drug product information. identify adverse events and product complaints as outlined by client guidelines. provide patient education on prescribed treatment regimen. provide patient support to patients enrolled in patient support programs. assist in training new employees including presenting educational material quality monitoring and coaching and feedback. 02/2016 to 10/2016 rn - or maintain a safe and sterile environment for the patient in the operating room. anticipate the needs of the surgical staff monitor clients conditions reporting changes to clinical or client services manager. locate and obtain necessary equipment and supplies for various surgical procedures. accurately record and document patient information in regards to operative procedure and specimens. re-stock operating rooms picking and putting out future cases. act as preceptor to new orientees. 12/2015 to 02/2016 rn supervisor delegate and oversee care tasks to certified nurse aides. perform assigned duties including administration of medication wound care treatments and procedures. monitor clients
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS bartender experience bartender 05/2018 bartender experience bartender 05/2018 marketing public relations 10 years maintain proper and adequate set-up of the bar on a daily basis. responsible for maintaining stock preparing and storing of all garnishes juices and other perishables to ensure product quality. attend stand ups prior to each function to obtain all details in order to execute each event flawlessly. set up and breakdown all mobile bars per hotel standards. greets guests with warm genuine hospitality. promote and up-sells product. handle production of all consumption sheets or assists in the cash bar set up and closing process. perform general cleaning tasks to adhere to health department regulations bartender - byron nelson golf tournament / may 2019 / dallas texas. greet guests. stock bar and complete other pre-opening requirements. maintain a clean bar area. prepare and serve alcoholic beverages according to standard recipes. comply with basic safety and sanitation requirements. organizational product. operate club s pos. work large or small events with minimal supervision and in a team environment. complete pre-closing requirements. assure that all and local laws and club policies and procedures for the service of alcoholic beverages are consistently followed provide all guests with ordered beverage and food promptly and professionally. check
__label__DESIGNER cad designer skills catia cad designer skills catia v5 solidworks inventor pro-e wildfire 4 creo 2.0 gd t production floor support design for manufacturability supplier support professional experience april 2013 to current cad designer team member in engine peripheral group 3d design and creation of 2d drawings using creo 2.0 process engineering change notices in teamcenter pdm and jd edwards software create complex models of engine intakes exhausts style covers etc. using surfacing hose routings of engine fluid systems assembly prints prototype build support completed one week advanced surfacing training. september 2007 to march 2013 oshkosh defense senior designer team member in armor and survivability group 3d design and creation of 2d drawings using catia v5 pro engineer wildfire and creo process engineering change notices in smarteam pdm and jd edwards software utilized gd t and carried out tolerance stack ups on complex weldments and assemblies utilized catia kinematics work bench to create and prove out various mechanical assemblies such as four bar linkages automotive latches and control cables worked extensively on m-atv and fmtv truck program proposals worked in two person design team to design fmtv truck cab shell designed numerous after-market armor kits in production and fielded on military trucks extensive experience
__label__HEALTHCARE system administrator/assistant supervisor professional system administrator/assistant supervisor professional background over 20 years of experience with a diversified background facilitator contingency planning a seasoned information technology leader team player and technologist with the ability to evaluate problems develop strategies and implement information technology it solutions. more than 15 years progressive experience developing and implementing logistics and it system support for aircraft and logistics and healthcare management information and command and control systems. particularly adept at handling change start-up and problem situations involving business processes and supporting it systems. directed the successful implementation of financial healthcare logistics management and technical information systems. completely knowledgeable and experienced in support planning techniques for weapon logistics transportation security healthcare and management and critical mission computer systems architectures. support provided ranges from that of a technical systems or functional contributor program manager and/or business developer to consultant depending on the needs of the program or customer. skill highlights strong medical ethic problem resolution ability professional experience 10/2001 to current system administrator/assistant supervisor edwin combs supervisor 618 229-2955. assistant to the amc/a4 it supervisor. a functional systems administrator fsa at scott air force base for amc/a4 logistics systems. the a4 focal point for integrating ustranscom af maf and amc logistics c2
__label__BANKING revolving credit support specialist revolving credit support specialist professional background energetic dedicated support specialist with strong interpersonal skills and 8+ years of contact center and customer service experience. proven ability to work effectively with people of various ages cultural backgrounds and socio-economic statuses. financial and customer support background and the ability to build new and strengthen existing relationships. great attitude strong work ethics and customer focused outlook. well-developed verbal and written communication skills. skill highlights microsoft office suite and outlook professional experience revolving credit support specialist may 2013 identify inefficiencies and make recommendations for process improvements resulting in 20 higher customer satisfaction ratings. developed and implemented communication strategies and information programs help associates identify strengths and weaknesses and implement plan of action to improve their skills updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect the current practices act as a subject matter expert regarding bank products policies and procedures developed effective relationships with different lines of business through clear communication assist customer and sales representatives with account inquiries and follow up with maintenance requests analyzed financial information obtained from clients to determine strategies for meeting clients financial objectives successfully managed the activities of 45 team members in multiple locations coordinated with underwriters
__label__SALES sales associate summary accountable sales associate summary accountable retail sales associate demonstrating a high level of ownership and initiative. possessing 2 years small management experience. quick and effective at decision making while maintaining excellent customer service throughout the sales process in any given enviornment. highlights 6 years customer service experience intermediate microsoft office word excel etc. outstanding communicational and operational skills proven ability to multi-task ambitious positive enthusiastic punctual and reliable accomplishments fulfilled all supervisory duties when / if store manager was unable to make it into our store whilst training a new employee at our store location for 6 months. lead sales by example when employees quit or called off earning myself the sales lead position likewise as attaining the ability to open and closer the store with proven responsibility and punctuality. work experience sales associate 06/2013 to 03/2014 ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment which includes greeting and acknowledging every customer maintaining in depth product knowledge and all other aspects of customer service. completing daily sales goals and completing corporate set tasks to provide store with better overall numbers concurring sales floor readiness each day by using 7 steps and techniques with each customer completing operational
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS manager professional summary talented manager professional summary talented individual with a educational background in economics from the university of california irvine seeks a career in the financial sector. extensive knowledge in management microsoft applications and economic theory. always committed to approach tasks with tenacity and attention to detail. very dependable and willing to take on added responsibility to learn and grow with every employment opportunity. skills l critical thinking l customer service-oriented l strategic sales knowledge l articulateandwell -spoken l training development aptitude l a cc u rate and de tai le d l quick learner l excellent planner and coordinator skills work history manager 04/2012 to 03/2014 l trained staff and administered performance evaluations to track employee development. l analyzed budgets financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing. l implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover. l prepared payroll. l oversaw inventory and office supply purchases. l screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews. l provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal client le. lconductedweeklywalk -throughs with the store owner to discuss interior visual displays including store window presentation. public relations manager 05/2010 to 04/2012 l cultivated and managed relationships with key
__label__FINANCE director of finance professional director of finance professional summary seeking a position in financial/general accounting. highly meticulous and reliable finance director with an outstanding client service record. adept multitasker able to handle a number of cash management projects with professionalism and accuracy. strong research skills in optimizing current and efficient cash management team operation. experience director of finance may 2016 to current manages the day to day accounting department including hands on monthly close commission reports financial statements. manages financial tasks budgeting and overall accounting of the company. develop and implement short and long-term financial strategies and tactics in alignment with the s business plan and strategic initiatives. develop and monitor policies and procedures within generally accepted accounting principles and corporate guidelines to ensure sufficient cash flow reduced operating cost and increased revenues. forecast monitor performance and prepare analytical information and management reports to enable effective decision making by the ceo. manage and develop clear and precise financial records analyze financial statement while ensuring the integrity of all financials and maintain internal control. manages monthly and yearly closing responsibilities including system closing journal entry preparation and inventory reconciliation. prepare and review all documentation required to meet reporting deadlines. provide financial reports and analysis to
__label__SALES senior sales assistant/ sales senior sales assistant/ sales support skills ads attention to detail customer service data base inventory office presentations quality control sales phones experience senior sales assistant/ sales support 01/2006 to 01/2012 accurately monitored and evaluated ads for specifications and standards compliance. provided high standard of service and attention to detail. quickly and effectively solve customer challenges. maintain quality control/satisfaction records constantly seeking new ways to improve customer service. answered multi-line phones. maintained inventory of office supplies. managed all aspects of daily office operations. created and edited memos correspondence and directory reports for management evaluations and presentations. box office manager 01/2003 to 01/2006 managed all aspects of ticket sales. maintained data base of all season ticket holders answered multi-line phones and kept an inventory of all supplies. organized volunteers to work in the box office to help with ticket sales for concerts. education and training high school diploma 1985 northwood high school
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive professional business development executive professional summary top performing sales marketing and business development professional with proven ability to drive business expansion and development by planning and executing business strategies. strategic thinker who can plan and implement sales marketing and business initiatives to support corporate objectives. experienced in developing new market channels and building strong relationships with sales managers customers and industry leaders. vast experience with branding and introducing new products as well as developing business strategies. i am a dedicated and tenacious sales expert with a reputation for consummate professionalism. skills marketing skills designed developed and implemented marketing and sales campaigns. evaluated target markets and proposed marketing strategies. managed all phases of direct mail projects monitored production teams recruited and guided vendors. writing skills wrote creative copy for catalogs brochures and social media. researched and conceived newsletter articles. produced variety of business materials including letters reports proposals and forms. proof read and edited all referenced written materials communication skills promoted products and services generated leads and initiated sales. established and improved client communications maintained ongoing relationships. addressed customer inquiries interpreted and delivered information proposed suggestions provided guidance identified investigated and negotiated conflicts. conducted surveys and analyzed results. coordinated planned and contributed
__label__APPAREL apparel developer specialized professional apparel developer specialized professional summary innovate apparel development and create new ideas that improve performance quality and lead apparel development industry standards. collaborate with business counterparts to drive operation process improvements to maximize development efficiencies and optimize growth potential and profitability. skills organized detailed problem solver creative proficient in adobe cs5 flex plm excel collaborative innovative driven efficient powerpoint ms office work history apparel developer specialized jan 2014 - current establish new fast track business model for jr fashion business across all product categories in the juniors market. work with cross functional leadership to establish new source needs. set up and onboard new suppliers as needed with nordstrom product requirements. create tools to gain speed in development process while also maintaining critical product testing and nordstrom requirements. lead weekly status meetings with upper management to overview process tracking potential concerns to ensure speed project was successful step in to support technical woven development projects covering outerwear denim soft dressing. guided team on new approaches of working including costing tools streamlining meetings and optimizing new systems already set in place. work with vendors when any issues arise as needed to steer projects back on course. sourcing areas include united states china
__label__HEALTHCARE staffing manager professional summary staffing manager professional summary s well to change and possesses extensive expert knowledge of human resources employment process within a variety of industries. job title focused on improving productivity increasing efficiency and enhancing quality. consistently exceeds goals for staffing and retention. human resources recruiter accomplished in sourcing screening qualifying and closing candidates as well as coordinating interviews and follow up. skills good judgment human resources policies job fairs planning workforce planning pre-screening candidates time management sales techniques safety training pre-screening candidates employment laws and practices work history 06/2014 to current staffing manager top performer in top quartile of expectations recognized for setting branch record for placements hours in first quarter recruited high number of new companies and candidates recaptured previous companies business expanded existing client relationship to generate additional job orders recruiting and placement source screen and interview qualified candidate pool based on job specifications and customer needs and preferences present and assist client with selection candidate process to fulfill job orders ensuring qualified capable and motivated candidates fulfill client expectations maintain on-going contact with client companies and temporary professionals currently on assignment to ensure both receive exceptional customer service resolve any customer service issues quickly and efficiently to maintain
__label__ADVOCATE sexual assault crisis counselor sexual assault crisis counselor / victim advocate core qualifications microsoft office and general computer skills education august 2012 master of social work fordham university may 2009 bachelor of arts social services quinnipiac university social services may 2006 associate of science human services naugatuck valley cc human services experience 02/2013 to current sexual assault crisis counselor / victim advocate one on one trauma informed crisis counseling to clients with an emphasis on empowerment provide advocacy and accompaniment for clients at the hospital police and court level provide support and counseling to family members and friends of victims community outreach facilitates multiple support groups to men and women at various community agencies legislative advocacy committee liaison attend multiple community meetings roundtables committees teams. 01/2010 to 01/2012 clinical social work intern visited clients in their homes nursing facilities and hospital setting maintained a caseload of 20 - 30 clients provided psych-social initial and updated assessments developed care plans for clients and their families coordinated community services for clients and their families. 01/2008 community educator intern facilitated educational training in the community on domestic violence and sexual assault. 02/2005 to 06/2016 supervisor train and supervise 153 employees and new supervisors. 01/2001 social work intern
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary professional staff accountant summary professional accountant and bookkeeper with 12 years of experience with accounts receivable and payable. detail-oriented bookkeeping professional with 3+ years experience applying financial and managerial accounting practices. skills sap great plains dynamics sage50 quickbooks pro act microsoft word excel pivot tables and vlook up access powerpoint experience staff accountant 09/2015 to 09/2017 supported regional finance manager with special projects and other responsibilities as assigned. handled monthly accrual process for 22 expense accounts. full responsibility for all fixed assets maintained detailed depreciation schedules. conducted monthly reconciliations of all balance sheet accounts to ensure their accuracy. reconciled 4 bank accounts 250+ transactions per month researched and resolved all issues. ap reviewed processed and reconciled invoices ensuring timely payment 500+k monthly . monthly analysis of ap process led to an improved aging schedule and 20 increased cash flow. ar receipt and posting of all payments to ledger sap weekly analysis of ar process which led to an increased cash flow by 90 by decreasing outstanding ar. assisted with internal audit by providing all necessary data to minimize billable hours. streamlined accounting processes and maintained appropriate documentation to improve procedures in accordance with policies and sox compliance. researched and resolved discrepancies
__label__TEACHER english teacher summary i english teacher summary i am an imaginative teacher committed to staying current with the latest teaching theories and trends as well as with behavioral studies. my strong subject areas include 7-12 english ela esl and psychology. highlights valid and current teaching certification in connecticut kind and empathetic towards students background urban public schools grades 7-12 ph.d. in psychology member psi chi international honor society member ncte member apa graduate certificate in women s studies national institute of health/ for human participants approved ongoing pd in current methods and developments in pedagogy excellent with developing positive rapport with students developed common core skills with classroom work for each marking period/and for each grade and assignment made oral presentations/projects mandatory for each student 5x per year- great practice for kids to work with others and impress others-aligned with common core strands developed pre/post cfas for each unit to coordinate with standardized testing dissertation topic-prejudices - origins and resolutions accomplishments led 8th grade writing increases on standardized testing 18 from previous year through innovative instruction methods and higher than 2 other classes at same level esl students achieved with ms office / technology pre-lesson scores 0-45 and post-lesson scores 85-100 including word- writing
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare consultant executive profile healthcare consultant executive profile proven leader with solid performance seeking new challenges to bring a comprehensive set of skills to your company. former military leader certified instructor designated a subject matter expert in 2 fields of medicine experienced public speaker. skill highlights skills used microsoft office smarttech smart board public speaking public relations marketing sales instructor/writer - combat medic advanced individual training 1st detachment 108th training command - augusta ga - november 2014 to october 2015 train lead and mentor upcoming healthcare specialists. be the example of what right looks like for new healthcare practitioners to follow. read revise/edit publish and teach course material for a healthcare program that graduates over 30 000 individuals annually. project management regarding training program tasks. supervise the logistics of monthly synchronization meetings from catering and event planning to security and logistics for monthly gatherings of key leaders in public venues. teach nremt curriculum to students attempting emt certification. evaluate nremt practical skills for emt certifications. teach cpr/bls. teach tccc core curriculum and advanced skills. teach additional skills such as mass casualty management patient administration disaster management critical thinking leadership development convoy operations logistics supply chain management and other necessary skills to be a healthcare
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT staffing business development manager staffing business development manager summary results-oriented business development professional with a 10-year track record of surpassing sales quotas within highly competitive markets across a broad range of industries. exceptional communicator with a consultative sales style success in leading effective strategies to improve problem-solving abilities and a keen client needs assessment aptitude. aggressively identify opportunities develop focus and provide tactical business solutions. to be a part of a growing organization utilizing my business development sales experience management and problem-solving skills to increase profits and bolster growth. experience staffing business development manager dec 2015 to current develop new business partnerships with behavioral health facilities healthcare clinics and special education schools. actively identify and generate leads through strategic sales and marketing plan. heavy outbound cold calls targeting employers that are hiring to market internal top talent. research decision makers in each department to introduce services and setup meeting to present solutions. analyze available staffing resources for most efficient placement based on enterprise needs peer-unit needs and unit needs. devise and execute strategic recruitment plans aligning with s recruitment strategy. maintain ongoing follow-up with prospective clients both in person and by phone. continuously evaluate businesses to determine which staffing scenario would be suitable for
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager profile dedicated engineering manager profile dedicated job title with excellent technical analytical and communication skills demonstrated by number years of experience. results-driven mechanical engineer with solid product engineering and qa experience. skills microsoft office pro/engineer pro/mechanical solid edge autocad microsoft navision microsoft project moldflow. accomplishments project management customer interface project coordination provided drafting and project set-up support to the communications staff creating initial to final drawings for two light rail engineering projects. met with customers to help design custom entertainment centers china cabinets mantels and kitchen cabinets for residential homes. supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to standards on time and within budget constraints. professional experience october 2013 to current engineering manager managed the manufacturing and engineering team. supported the manufacturing startup in the us by mentoring and training of production personnel. supported the sales team during the project quotation process by providing technical solutions to client request lead times and cost estimates for requests. supervised the creation of fixture submission packages for client approval. designed fixtures for manufacturing. plan and execute all manufacturing projects including the preparation of bom procurement of material preparation of production orders. liaised with ul inspector in ensuring that all lighting fixtures comply with
__label__SALES sales associate summary outgoing sales associate summary outgoing and people-oriented person who effectively develops lasting professional relationships with clients and customers. highlights quick learner outstanding customer service business management team player inventory control familiarity strong organizational skills active listening skills strong leadership skills accomplishments i learned how to communicate with staff as well as customers. i have a very enthusiastic personality and can make the people around me happy and excited. it is my full believe that there is no i in team. i would have never been able to achieve all of the wonderful goals by myself it takes a wonderful group of people to achieve the highest goals. experience 01/2017 to current sales associate help customers run the registers throw freight help with shelf resets make sure things are clean and organized. 08/2016 to 12/2016 sales associate/ad s superviser key holder help with customers needs run the registers throw the freight i also overseen the ordering and set up of all the ads for each month. 05/2014 to 01/2015 indepentdant contractor document reviews computer skills also had to learn fast and be self motivated 10/2002 to 04/2015 manager built schedules set goals inventory cash handling over seen a group of people customer
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations specialist and public relations specialist and brand consultant summary with so many individuals applying for a position within your organization how can you decide who is the best candidate successful public relation professionals need to be creative dynamic organized team-oriented with a strong desire to succeed and these are qualities i have been recognized for in all of my previous roles. i have worked for iconic fashion brands such as ann inc. and the children s place where i managed national and international media relations special events and served as the on camera spokesperson. i have a consistent record of creating implementing and leading extremely successful public relations campaigns and executing high profile events. as you will note i have solid interpersonal skills with the ability to interface with individuals at all levels. i also have strong talents in creating writing and producing communication pieces. my organizational skills have allowed me to prioritize schedules and complete projects within time and budget guidelines. highlights ms office suite word excel access powerpoint project pro cision google analytics lexis nexis fashion experience public relations specialist and brand consultant july 2014 to november 2015 career highlights responsible for pitching and securing positive press coverage for all
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist experience information technology specialist experience information technology specialist 08/2015 to 05/2020 build implement or support electronic health records and other systems that store patient s data. assisted in network management and software development. took periodic review of set standards and database. principal chemical engineer / information technology specialist 10/2005 to 06/2015 national board for technology incubation abuja nigeria federal ministry of science and technology . monitored implemented and maintained it systems. produced technical reports analyzed data and built databases. facilitated discussions to resolve a safety concern with a key process monitoring instrument. planned and designed technology related activities aimed at nurturing the growth of innovative businesses. provided technical support and capacity building in science and technology. collaborated with market development on new it technologies for industrial and consumer groups. facility engineer intern 10/2002 to 09/2003 analyzed process data from newly revamped furnace to improve efficiency of long-term performance monitoring plan by over 50 . developed and maintained of engineering/operating standards through periodic review. improved 40 reliability/uptime performance and cost reduction efforts for the production units. managed materials through preventive/corrective maintenance of products. engineer intern 08/2000 to 01/2001 produce a piping and instrumentation diagram of the pumphouse cooling tower and condensate lines.
__label__DESIGNER program manager designer professional program manager designer professional summary a talented program designer and learning specialist with experience developing and managing curricula across cultural academic and organizational contexts. with a background in brain cognitive science and learning design i bring a strong understanding of how the brain functions to inform the design of effective learning experiences. experienced project manager adept at leading projects from concept through completion with a high degree of cultural competence having run projects in seven countries over the last five years. skills program development intermediate coding in r studio project management proficient in salesforce fluent in 4 languages facilitation stakeholder management research curriculum development clear public speaking skills program evaluation work history program manager designer 05/2018 to 08/2019 developed an internal learning program to upskill new associates to project leads facilitating over 35 classes with over 95 satisfaction results and resulting in 5 associates leading successful projects for clients managed new hires onboarding onto the social contract team leading to optimization of ramp time from a 2 months scattered onboarding to a 2 weeks streamlined onboarding trained 13 co-facilitators in facilitation and design thinking resulting in them facilitating over 10 meetings per project and improving social contract s effectiveness learner
__label__ADVOCATE client relations advocate career client relations advocate career overview seeking a challenging and rewarding career in customer service that would utilize acquired knowledge training and skills to achieve career growth potential and advancement. dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. extensive experience includes performing needs assessments gathering appropriate documents to assess efficiency and analyzing processes and procedures. core strengths responsible bilingual english/spanish written and spoken data entry microsoft word excel power point iux type 47 words per minute 10-key calculator strong organizational skills telephone experience punctual hard worker good listener follows directions team player energetic work attitude accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as iux and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss. work experience october 2009 to march 2015 client relations advocate answer telephones and give information to callers take messages or transfer calls to appropriate individuals. create maintain and enter information into databases. set up and manage paper or electronic filing systems recording information updating paperwork or maintaining documents such as attendance records correspondence or other material. operate office equipment such as fax machines copiers or phone systems and arrange for
__label__APPAREL apparel zone supervisor summary apparel zone supervisor summary expert retail sales professional offering 4+ years experience in multiple retail settings. focused on exceeding sales goals. punctual retail sales professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. flexible schedule and strong communication skills. highlights cash handling accuracy inventory control procedures excellent multi-tasker strong communication skills employee scheduling loss prevention organized detail-oriented flexible schedule experience apparel zone supervisor december 2016 to current answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. opened and closed the store which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience. key holder/zone supervisor responsible for monitoring floor manager approvals money handling responsibilities 2nd and 3rd checks on e4473 documents responsible for all area not just my own including camping firearms footwear fishing archery. closing duties/opening duties setting ad and checking for accuracy assisting customers in all areas web ordering properly processing truck deliveries actively learning about products. operating cash register with 100 accuracy. maintaining cleanliness of entire store. consumer electronics sales lead merchandising supervisor december 2014 to december 2016 operated a cash register for cash check and credit card
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary over teacher professional summary over the past ten years i have excelled at effectively building highly motivated teams of varying backgrounds and abilities and challenged them to succeed in growing and attaining goals that they previously thought impossible. my work has centered on reducing anxiety through encouragement and evidence based practice to support my students and colleagues in reaching milestones in their lives. skills purposeful lesson planning fast learner creative problem solving managing difficult behaviors coordinating multiple groups. managing a team of adults communicating effectively with clients managers and team members. setting goals data tracking for effective goals. writing measurable goals creating materials for teaching multiple styles of learners arizona teaching certificate with special education endorsement coordinating meetings and preparing materials for all attendees. work history teacher 07/2017 to current in july 2017 i was hired to teach a district program for student with autism in scottsdale arizona. my duties were to provide academic and social emotional teaching to 3rd 4th and 5th grade students with autism. in addition i provided emergency support when those students were unable to regulate their emotions in the general education setting. i also managed ieps for all of my students and coordinated services with specialists
__label__TEACHER assistant teacher career focus assistant teacher career focus i am looking into changing careers and establishing a career. i have had a wide variety of jobs including summer camp counselor fitness instructor visitation specialist child care delivery driving coach and disaster specialist. i am looking for a full-time position. core qualifications cdl a private pilot license clean mvr computer literate strong understanding of window s products can type 40 wpm strong work ethic demonstrated ability to inspire and motivate others education and training ph.d. homeland security policy and coordination walden university i finished all course work. need to do two residencies and finish up dissertation. 2011 master of arts homeland security american military university gpa 3.0 2009 bachelor of science liberal studies iowa university member of the isu flying cyclones accomplishments child care i researched and earned a grant that allowed the child care to buy more healthy alternatives to teaching the children about being healthy such as being able to plant a garden and using the food from that garden to provide lunch and to buy physical education equipment. disaster services i have been able to recruit and train volunteers to respond to national level of disasters. i used time management to oversee
__label__FINANCE finance director and treasurer finance director and treasurer professional summary skills exceptional interpersonal communication effective leader project management financial management fiscal budgeting customer service-oriented team building human resources management work history finance director and treasurer 09/1998 to 09/2008 supervise all units in the finance department including revenue budget purchasing general ledger accounting accounts payable and receivable payroll and utility billing. direct the treasury functions for the and south county regional wastewater authority scrwa including the preparation and review of periodic investment reports and the oversight of the s investment portfolio. performed qualitative and quantitative analysis of alternatives for addressing the s unfunded pension liability. review of retroactive payroll calculations for fire safety and exempt personnel. coordinate the financial audit. direct the preparation and comprehensive review of the annual financial report scrwa financial report and the transportation development act report. review of routine and one-time journal entries while concluding whether the accounting used was in accordance with governmental accounting standards. search for potential grants for all departments. preparation of several operating budgets. assist in the management and maintenance of public facility and pass-through bonds. partnered successfully with departments clients to produce positive outcome . initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting. trained
__label__ACCOUNTANT summary i have many summary i have many years of experience in accounting and finance including audit financial analysis bank reconciliations accounts payables/receivables financial statements month and year end reporting and budgeting highlights ms word powerpoint outlook access and excel advanced creative solutions quickbooks fedielio hotels sales tax express and other proprietary accounting software over 18 years of experience in accounting and finance including audit financial analysis bank reconciliations accounts payables/receivables financial statements month and year end reporting and budgeting experience accountant june 2013 to current responsible for all accounting processes for 45 clients perform end-of-period closing processes prepare financial statements and budgets. reconcile bank statements ledger entries and journal entries. balance sheet account analysis and profit and loss account and review them prepare and analyze financial statements and other various reports. collection functions for accounts receivables payables. assist in budget and forecast preparation. ability to manage multiple projects priorities deadlines and budgets. working with others on team to complete client service tasks timely and accurately. review general ledger and make all correcting journal entries support month-end and year-end close process including reconciliation of ledger account complete and submit food and sales tax license documentation for small businesses. accountant february 2008 to march 2013
__label__SALES sales associate summary customer-focused sales associate summary customer-focused management professional with successful track record of leading and managing teams . quality-oriented and proactive in resolving issues with exceptional organizational and communication skills. self-starter with a positive can-do attitude who is driven to learn improve and succeed. skills billing billing system budgets budget business management cold-calling client customer service data analysis database facilities maintenance financial reports hiring information systems instruction inventory management inventory leadership lesson plan logistics loss prevention managing mentoring merchandising office management information systems networking operations management personnel policies pos pricing strategies progress project management quality assurance receiving recruiting retail risk management safety selling sales staffing store merchandising strategic supervision teacher training programs vendor relations. education and training ph.d. management information systems walden universtiy mba business administration 2001 webster university bachelor of science public relations 1996 university of florida experience sales associate 02/2016 to 07/2017 build personal connections with customers styling and style advice. create excitement for the brand and the products via fundamental knowledge of the lucky brand. apply key selling behavior to connect personal store and wide sales goals. inform customers about specifics of each product. substitute teacher 01/2016 to current responsible for providing instruction and managing the classroom environment. encourage
__label__ARTS video director east coast video director east coast video for enterprise brands summary athletics have always been an integral part of my life in one way or another. after years of using my physical fitness to supplement the successes of my previous career choices the decision to bring fitness to the forefront of my life is one that would satisfy my desire to not only continue to foster a personal healthy lifestyle but also to allow a greater platform for sharing my discoveries of healthiness with others. highlights passionate about learning take pride in sharing accurate information reliable hard working physically fit excellent problem solver approachable accomplishments bicycled across north america - may 14th to july 4th 2007 start new jersey end san francisco experience video director east coast video for enterprise brands jan 2015 to aug 2017 developed better interpersonal skills while directing highly accomplished business individuals. producer/cinematographer/lead editor may 2009 to apr 2015 demonstrated my drive work ethic and ability to learn new skills quickly by establishing my own while keeping it profitable for six years. manager of fine arts jan 2007 to may 2009 demonstrated ability to multitask and stay focused by managing multiple projects at a time and always finishing
__label__ARTS budget and administration manager budget and administration manager experience 01/2016 to 01/2017 budget and administration manager responsible for providing financial explanation of a 3m budget for the division of information technology. upheld the processes policies and procedures as specified by finance. provided financial plans for new year mid-year and closing of the financial year based on upcoming projects. created contracts with vendors and individuals who will be providing services for information technology. worked closely with human resources to ensure that all positions are recorded and can be financially accommodated. ensured that all monthly invoices were processed in a timely manner. liaison between federation and vendors to ensure that all documentation was received for them become approved partners who cleared to work with the federation. managed payments of invoices for the information technology. 01/2006 to 01/2016 administrative aide ii maintained the critical day-to-day office confidentiality. participated in departmental financial planning based on needs for upcoming academic year. reconciled departmental credit card accounts for chief of staff and director of global communications while upholding the policies of the card. provided customer services to high profile guests in person and over the phone. collaborated with various departments with day-to-day activities and special projects. worked on special events
__label__BANKING manager of golf operations manager of golf operations career focus innovative and creative business leader with a proven track record in managing business operations on a large scale from conception to launch while driving brand growth and improving sales. experienced manager recognized for building strong client and customer relationships while leveraging excellent negotiating skills to achieve brand success. respected business manager with extensive experience in the golf industry adept at identifying emerging trends and opportunities. passionate business development specialist skilled in impacting the visibility profitability and performance of the brand through orchestration of competitive market intelligence. track record of developing highly successful campaigns within budget on schedule and surpassing corporate goals. excellence in creating and managing revenue streams. adept at leading by example marshaling resources and creating professional atmosphere to accomplish objectives. effective communicator with strong motivational skills and the ability to support operational goals and meet business team objectives. exceptionally skilled professional with demonstrated excellence in building and driving superior operation success and strategic planning. champion at program/project development operations. analytical intuitive expert with proven record of reaching target customers and identifying emerging trends. core competencies business operations customer service marketing sales communication negotiations administrative management staff supervision workflow optimization productivity improvement project
__label__ARTS 8th grade language arts 8th grade language arts teacher summary teacher with excellent communication skills. organized and driven with the innate ability to stay on task. uses effective and efficient methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student. seeking a position that will be both challenging and fulfilling. highlights lesson planning expertise academic performance evaluations iep familiarity 504 familiarity behavioral disorders knowledge certified student teacher trainer tutoring experience ms office proficient standardized testing google drive familiarity accomplishments achieved high growth on 2013-2014 school year end of grade assessment for reading. chosen to be an assessment creator for the north learning community in charlotte mecklenburg schools based on high growth for 2013-2014 end of grade assessment scores. helped more than 75 students reach their individual education program goals. chaperoned the 8th grade trip to the outer banks with 120 students. education 2013 teaching middle grades language arts university of north carolina at charlotte u.s. 2011 bachelor of arts english university of north carolina at charlotte u.s. english major journalism/sociology minor teaching experience 04/2013 to current 8th grade language arts teacher attend professional development communications with parents assessments of students and staff meetings. teach high level talent development students english 1 level
__label__AVIATION aviation supply specialist summary aviation supply specialist summary organized professional with superior work ethic and team player attitude. exceptional quality control inspection abilities. commended for honesty hard work and positive attitude. consistent ability to stand for long periods of time and safely lift up to 50 pounds. service-minded stock management professional with over 8 years of experience working for leading retailers such as marine corps kfc. adept at maintaining adherence to strict guidelines and regulation to maintain safety. increased efficiency by working collaboratively with cross-functional teams to optimize customer service objectives. experienced stock clerk with over 8 years of experience coordinating receipt and processing of products across diverse retail environments. practiced in unloading unpacking labeling and stocking shelves. enthusiastic individual with superior skills in working in both team-based and independent capacities. bringing strong work ethic and excellent organizational skills to any setting. excited to begin new challenge with successful team. skills stockroom procedures report creation product organization materials transport adaptive team player loss prevention dependable and reliable inventory control project organization problem resolution process improvement rfi scanners administrative support planning and coordination team management organization inventory management supervision team building invoice generation experience 05/2015 to 05/2019 aviation supply specialist tracked inventory conducted cycle counts
__label__SALES sales associate professional summary sales associate professional summary sales professional offering nearly 4 years experience in sales and sales management in a retail setting. specializes in men and women s wear with emphasis in building a solid customer base. skill highlights high-end fashion knowledge superb sales professional loss prevention comprehension ability to mediate disputes listening skills reliable and punctual compelling leadership skills customer service oriented cash handling accuracy retail merchandising expertise excellent communication skills energetic bilingual in english and spanish achievements developed highly effective sales training strategies as sales manager. lead management team to exceed monthly store sales goal multiple times as sales manager. earned an achievement in sales for management averaging 20 of the stores sales per month. lead several departments as the top salesperson by surpassing periodical goals sold high end product merchandise to elite celebrities and continued service beyond the store. experience sales associate nov 2016 to mar 2017 described merchandise and services to customers. responded to safety and loss prevention incidents. organized in-store promotional events. maintained store in clean and neat manner. completed special client deliveries in person. evaluated transactions for suspected fraud. sales associate/brand ambassador topman feb 2016 to nov 2016 opened credit debit cards to customers. described merchandise
__label__FITNESS care coordinator professional summary care coordinator professional summary a position as a registered nurse working with adults in a setting that will allow me to use both my nutrition and nursing education to provide acute comprehensive care to patients in a way that allows for my personal and professional growth in the field of nursing skills work history care coordinator 10/2013 to current currently employed as a care coordinator for a family primary care practice assist in the transition of care from hospital and emergency department visits to primary care provider visits through assessment of current and past disease processes and medication reconciliation coordinate services between primary care physicians and other medical specialists promote self-management of disease processes through providing education about signs and symptoms of diseases and medication management other office duties include administrative tasks through use of the emr administering therapeutic injections and immunizations promoting and encouraging preventative screenings and managing disease processes through data tracking in the emr on a per patient basis. mentor resident advisor 08/2011 to 05/2012 advised and mentored a floor of 45 upper-class undergraduate students for two years supervised ten staff members for one year upon promotion to mentor resident advisor with duties including development of on-call
__label__CHEF chef career overview dedicated chef career overview dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. core strengths strong organizational skills active listening skills sharp problem solver energetic work attitude inventory control familiarity customer service expert accomplishments customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. work experience september 2013 to january 2016 chef responsible for the preparation of 2 daily snacks and lunch for 150 children. required to create a balanced menu along with catering to child specific medical and religious restrictions. continuously maintained above par menu and stayed within an established budget. highly organized time sensitive and creative. august 2005 to current sales associate assisting customers in the purchases. pop inputting. creating an overall experience to create returning customer base. customer service product knowledge and computer skills. may 2003 to april 2005 assistant food and beverage manager worked a liaison between membership and management to ensure all requirement where meet for a satisfying experience at a golf/tennis/pool facility. was continuously asked to manage private and events due to hard work and commitment to excellence. ordered beverages to maintain sufficient stock scheduled staff
__label__CHEF executive chef iii summary executive chef iii summary experienced and well rounded executive chef. creative innovative and ambitious. classically trained in le cordon bleu french cuisine in scottsdale arizona. highly skilled in all cooking methods and ethnic cuisines. competencies expert proficiency in pc and mac programs expert understanding of haccp and sanitation standards focused and disciplined well versed palate servsafe certified food handlers card high volume production capability expert understanding of food and labor control measures experience executive chef iii 01/2016 to 08/2016 reduced food costs by 7 percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format. expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. implemented and supported initiatives and programs. ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory purchasing and receiving. conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports. presence 03/2014 to 01/2016 regional executive chef 03/2014 to 01/2016 quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and complaints. enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature. developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals. validated weights and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY lead information technology support lead information technology support specialist work history skills applications ms office suite 2000-2016 o365 groupwise heat call logging crystal reports t3 voicemail netmotion novell imanager active directory client/server heatweb-fs platforms windows 2000/xp/7/8/10 unix dos experience 03/2016 to current lead information technology support specialist perform lead worker functions including assigning coordinating and reviewing daily work of staff training other employees and act as a resource to other staff. perform help desk systems administration develop and document procedures. coordinate with technical support team management and users to define user needs for new or improved systems coordinate software deployments and pc replacements manage hardware and software inventories. all duties as listed below. 04/2007 to 03/2016 information technology support specialist identify troubleshoot install program configure upgrade analyze and maintain various computer and network peripherals including mobile data computing devices. determine appropriate course of action and conduct repairs modifications procurement and replacement of internal peripherals as needed. install configure and support enterprise class sql compliant database software. document the procedures for other support personnel to use as reference material to assist in the support of these systems. exceptional ability to work with a very demanding group of users in providing timely support in person over
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional profile certified accountant professional profile certified accountant with more than 10 years experience working with financial statements. vast experience in preparing tax returns. ability to critically review financial statements highly motivated manager with excellent administrative organizational and communication skills. reliable person with more than 20 years work experience. highlights professional accountant tax auditing proficient in microsoft office management expert general and tax accounting expert in taxation skills good communication customer service problem solver team work it skill proficient in quickbooks accomplishments setup a large taxpayer unit which collected over 70 of domestic taxes revenue. increased revenue collection by 20 over a period of two years. lead team that introduced the tax identification number tin . developed a new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvement. developed an enforcement process that improved revenue collection. improved customer relations. experience accountant jun 2013 to nov 2013 performed debit credit and total accounts on computer using specialized accounting software. managed accounting operations accounting close account reporting and reconciliations. received recorded and banked cash checks and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions. assisted the managing director with the production of the monthly financial and management reports. prepared financial and regulatory reports
__label__ARTS general manager executive summary general manager executive summary to secure a position with a respected business that will benefit from my organizational and leadership skills. to work with accuracy efficiency and friendliness in order to promote customer loyalty while developing an enthused and goal oriented environment with the entire professional team. core qualifications operations management staff development inventory control change management food cost analysis expert strong customer relationship builder ability to handle fast-paced environment customer-oriented strong leader proven sales record employee recruitment expertise hiring and training cash handling food production quality knowledge performance tracking and evaluation p l management professional experience general manager april 2015 to current accomplished in restaurant and human resource objectives by recruiting selecting orienting training assigning scheduling coaching counseling and disciplining management staff communicating job expectations planning monitoring appraising and reviewing job contributions planning and reviewing compensation actions enforcing policies and procedures. extreme focus on having a safe secure and healthy facility environment by establishing following and enforcing sanitation standards and procedures complying with health and legal regulations maintaining security systems. maintained patron satisfaction by monitoring evaluating and auditing food beverage and service offerings initiating improvements and building relationships with patrons. controlled purchases and inventory by negotiating prices and contracts
__label__HR hr consultant summary certified hr consultant summary certified human resources professional with 15 years background in full range of hr functions with extensive experience in employee management hiring training and federal compliance and the ability to incorporate hr practices to achieve business results. highlights training and development recruiting exceptional interpersonal skills manager coaching and training performance management employment law compliance employee relations accomplishments established hr infrastructure as companies transitioned from small to mid-size. trained hr staff in proper creation and retention of hr documentation instituted performance management process with supporting training and follow-up. supported through change management during and after acquisition. implemented process for leave management incorporating the complex interaction of fmla cfra adaaa and pdl. experience hr consultant july 2014 to december 2014 partnered with legal department of multi-state client 40 000+ employees to establish adaaa and other workplace compliance. identified and updated a backlog of loa and accommodation issues. human resource specialist august 2008 to june 2014 human resources advisor to a diverse group of clients from various industries delivering customized hr service solutions that positively impact client business and ensure compliance with and federal laws. reviewed federal and laws to confirm and enforce compliance.designed the employee performance evaluation process and merit
__label__ARTS executive director professional experience executive director professional experience executive director january 2009 to current media enterprise alliance. head-royce school instructor january 1974 to january 2010 chairman january 2005 to january 2010 fine arts dept. head-royce school 11 members in visual music drama and dance . director summer january 2003 to january 2009 a partnership between hrs and the oakland unified school district . the program targets disadvantaged middle school students who have been identified by their teachers and principals as bright and motivated. they are given. academic arts and technology training on a full scholarship basis during a six-week summer session. they are mentored monthly over the course of the year. education b.a communications and public policy 1969 university of california berkeley communications and public policy b.f.a 1970 university of california berkeley-fine arts m.f.a 1972 san francisco art institute uc berkeley-secondary teaching credential program 1973 interests 2006-2008 eoba/smart moves a community center in the sobrante district of east oakland that provides tutoring mentoring and non- violence training to approximately 50 children on a daily basis project coordinator for 2006-2008 renovation project. coordinated project with east bay community fund rebuilding together oakland temple sinai pulte construction and head-royce school 2005-2007 destiny arts an arts based
__label__ADVOCATE customer advocate career overview customer advocate career overview objective to secure an administrative specialist/office manager position and use my expertise and proven skills in order to positively contribute to the efficient operation as well as the reputation of the business ability summary outstanding customer service skills proven success in client needs assessment providing reassurance and customized solutions and ensuring highest level of customer satisfaction attainable. technologically savvy proficient in microsoft office suite outlook money excel wordperfect 12 quatro pro peachtree accounting timeslips 2007 dictation iti banking software expert knowledge in cellular technology and troubleshooting skills for smartphones basic cell phones and wireless network connection proven success in call center environment seasoned in operating call center equipment and technology excellent interpersonal communication skills in oral and written formats highly skilled as a secretary adept at accounts receivable and payable duties routine correspondence and handling confidential client information demonstrated loyalty and dedication to s missions formally educated in illustration photography and basic graphic design skill highlights microsoft office suite peachtree accounting spreadsheet development schedule management telephone skills scheduling travel booking minute taking customer service critical thinking creative problem solving cellular expert troubleshooting smartphones troubleshooting network connections troubleshooting internet and wi-fi connections core accomplishments calendaring planned all
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director business development professional director business development professional summary results-driven and highly skilled business development director with in-depth and federal government. expertise in identifying developing and executing strategic pursuits of new government opportunities. excellent healthcare and business process solutions experience leveraging new industry trends as well as game-changing legislation and its impact to federal and governments. open and clear communicator with demonstrated strategic vision and disciplined execution. capable in bringing immediate federal government healthcare-related opportunities. core qualifications 32 years of experience with client engagement oral and written submission skills in government opportunities 20 years experience in government healthcare markets and federal 28 years of it and business experience with large and global it and business solutions companies very strong analytical and business acumen demand creation pursuits -- ability to integrate proven technology solutions into client s key strategic initiatives federal government experience within veterans affairs center of medicare and medicaid dhs fema us marshal s coast guard cis ice irs fbi hud fha commerce dol opm dod dc gov. experienced within large and small businesses including ipos extensive knowledge of the federal acquisition regulations demonstrated ability to organize lead or participate and direct teams of diverse business leadership and technological backgrounds strong experience in
__label__BANKING senior investment banking sales senior investment banking sales analyst summary to obtain a sales position utilizing my sales leadership consultative and strategic thinking strengths. experience senior investment banking sales analyst may 2013 to current 2014 quota attainment - 195 outside sales of investment banking solutions including financing mergers and acquisitions closed over 70 million in strategic investment banking solutions to the renewable energy vertical strategically partnered with investors developers businesses and municipalities to close and accelerate deals project managed entire sales cycle from finding and qualifying the opportunity to securing financing and government incentives to reviewing due diligence and closing the deal collaborate with internal execution team to accelerate sales by working on deal structuring and transaction cost management. investment banking sales analyst february 2012 to may 2013 2012 quota attainment - 167 outside sales of investment banking solutions including financing mergers and acquisitions closed over 40 million in strategic investment banking solutions to the renewable energy vertical strategically partnered with investors developers businesses and municipalities to close and accelerate deals project managed entire sales cycle from finding and qualifying the opportunity to securing financing and government incentives to reviewing due diligence and closing the deal collaborate with internal execution team to accelerate sales
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist gs11 information technology specialist gs11 experience 07/2004 to current information technology specialist gs11 information technology specialist supervison project management circuit management licensed electrician alarm management alarm technician training supply quality assurance kevin l. trostle dsn 266-4800 comm. 865 336-4800 manage the assigned it/communications environment with privileged access at the network level for the wing geographically separated units gsu and tenants. plan coordinate install and continuously analyze system design hardware and software. develop recommend and install solutions and upgrades to ensure availability integrity efficiency and reliability of all components of the assigned system. ensure all performed work is captured in the remedy ticketing system. manage telecommunications and nipr networks for the wing gsu s and tenant units. continually plan install and analyze new hardware software and processes to ensure networks are reliable and efficient. serve as a focal point for ensuring functionality and operability of the assigned it/data systems/functions voice and wireless systems to support mission requirements. optimize analyze manage and direct installation of any new hardware or software introduced into the environment to ensure its compatibility with existing architecture its reliability and functionality in relation to the organization s business requirements. oversee and initiate corrective or preventative measures to rectify immediate
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary senior-level it accountant summary senior-level it finance management professional highly knowledgeable dedicated and ethical senior-level it management professional credited with 20 years of expertise in all facets of accounting financial management financial analysis and controllership of it operating capital budgets within high-profile corporations. experienced in various aspects of extensive change management in a corporate environment outsourcing within transfer of duties and streamlining processes that provide cost saving solutions and optimal performance. exceptional leadership in solution management pertaining to the most complex financial questions and cost control concerns. skilled in collaborating with all members of the organization to achieve business and financial objectives. instrumental in streamlining and improving processes enhancing productivity and driving excellence in departments and talent. strategic business planning performance evaluations financial standards productivity improvement financial planning analysis training development cash flow management personnel management standards compliance financial statistical modeling expertise with financial systems training development selected career highlights successful in the oversight of it operating capital budgets annually ensuring that projects and operating expenses remain on plan while keeping the project managers aligned with the budget constraints of each project exceptional leadership of 32 it capital projects that are approved and delivered annually accolades as a financial architect for the
__label__CONSTRUCTION administrative associate ii construction administrative associate ii construction management department professional overview committed and motivated administrative assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. summary of skills professional verbal and written communication type 80+ wpm strong analytical and organizational skills excellent interpersonal skills professional phone manner and office etiquette schedule management self-starter employee training and development microsoft office proficiency meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed spreadsheet development deadline-oriented staff motivation time management professional and mature strong problem solver resourceful strong interpersonal skills understands grammar proofreading mail management meeting planning legal administrative support detailed meeting minutes work experience administrative associate ii construction management department 09/2015 to current provide administrative and secretarial support to the department chair students faculty industry advisory board members and the public. supervision of student assistants and adviser to both grad students and assistants. maintain documentations necessary to the construction management department. manage calls to the main departmental phone number. maintain excellent customer service within the office for both students and parents. establish rapport with business professionals representing the department and ksu in a professional manner. email phone staff/faculty and departmental communications as well as contact with local public school educators and administration.
__label__FITNESS night service representative summary night service representative summary personable responsible professional with 3 years in retail and customer service dedicated to maintaining customer satisfaction and contribute to success. results-driven and proven ability to establish rapport with clients. looking to advance skills in customer service sales and marketing human relations and to gain business experience and opportunities. personal skills and qualities include punctuality taking initiative joyful and positive attitude and commendable with finances. skills billings first aid take messages languages fluent in both english and spanish experience night service representative 08/2017 to 09/2017 responsible for member check in/customer service. handled member service issues such as lost and found items new membership cards change of. address eft setup or change and questions regarding billings and payments. answered all incoming inquiries and obtained appropriate information. to direct/transfer calls or take messages. kept front desk area and lobby clean clutter free and organized. did inventory on front desk supplies. including first aid kits and reported to operations manager when supplies are low. account manager 03/2016 to 10/2016 obtained client information by answering telephone calls interviewing clients verifying information. determined eligibility by comparing client information to requirements. established policies by entering client information and confirming pricing. informed clients by
__label__HR hr coordinator summary to hr coordinator summary to obtain a human resources generalist position that will fully utilize my extensive background and in hr including experience in onboarding payroll benefits and compensation hr policies and training and development human resources skills payroll benefits administration employment law fmla/ada/eeo/wc hr policies procedures staffing retention employee relations hr program/project management orientation on-boarding hris technologies training development performance management professional experience hr coordinator 12/2015 to current process bi-weekly benefits deduction for payroll on time in fidelity payroll system and answered employee s questions regarding timesheet leave and pay questions. worked with senior-level management to create fair training and development policy. administered training and educational assistance program and application. monitor educational reimbursement process. provided training and development to corporate managers key person in completing and submitting form 1095 and 1094 for affordable care act aca reporting requirement. researched attended webinars and kept open communication with vendor during the aca compliance process. managed and administered family medical leave fmla and disability ada program including keeping track of the status changes to ensure both employee and is in compliance. administered paid time off pto donation program for employees on fmla. ensured full compliance of worker s compensation. managed supervised and reported
__label__ADVOCATE senior application specialist professional senior application specialist professional summary highly motivated results and detail oriented leader with strong communication leadership and troubleshooting skills. i have a proven track record in increasing staff development with a focus on quality improvement. i am seeking a position that allows me to implement health care improvement processes and procedures. education and training associate degree applied science june 1999 robert morris university health information management healthcare management devry university course work in healthcare management skill highlights staff training and development relationship and team building conflict resolution professional experience senior application specialist mar 2014 implement and support business office software solutions create and test application scenarios including interfaces and device integration coordinate software version upgrades with various departments assists in project efforts related to charge capture claims remittance and cash management workflows support day to day maintenance of hb system. includes daily checks investigation root cause analysis remediation and process improvement serves as the hb data courier lead provides on-call support during off hours revenue cycle trainer jul 2006 to mar 2014 provided operational and technical support which enabled the business office to function efficiently and effectively. responsible for operational issues resolution development and advanced integration through audit/review functions. conduct
__label__ADVOCATE customer success advocate professional customer success advocate professional profile operate a register efficiently and effectively. keep receiving area organized maintain cleanliness of area. assist all customers with any requests and be able to help customers with any questions about electronics. ability to work with customers and employees from a variety of culturally diverse backgrounds. ability to analyze problems/situations and make well-reasoned decisions. communicate with customers clearly and efficiently in person and via telephone. qualifications xp vista win7 win8 win10 strong knowledge of linux operating system and multiple distributions including ubuntu linux mint centos and redhat proficient in the use of macintosh operating systems proficient in navigating and editing registry files extensive knowledge using and supporting microsoft office suite 2003 2007 2010 2011 and 2013 includes word excel powerpoint access lync livemeeting frontpage onenote publisher project and more extensive knowledge of instant messaging clients such as microsoft lync skype for business yahoo facebook messaging google hangouts etc. proficient use of video-chat software such as google hangouts skype oovoo etc. extensive knowledge using and supporting e-mail clients such as outlook gmail mac mail etc. extensive use of google apps extensive use of virus protection and virus removal software extensive knowledge in pc components and peripherals. extensive
__label__HEALTHCARE licensed united healthcare insurance licensed united healthcare insurance sales agent summary talent for identifying customers needs and referring appropriate products and services while demonstrating the ability to gain customers trust providing exceptional follow up leading to increased sales and repeated referral of business expertise in resolving escalated customer service issues quickly and effectively solving customers challenges. track record for assisting the customer service and sales dept. in achieving its potential by using my implementing experience increasing sales 13.46 above goal also interacting with all levels of management to improve customer and business satisfaction. secured over 65 + shared success awards received several sales agent of the month awards awarded numerous prize/gifts awards for consistently meeting/exceeding sales goals successfully closed on all referred products and maintained weekly monthly kdm qa scores of 100 . skills time management effective communication trouble shooting problem solving cloud technology skype proficient microsoft office suite instant messaging web chat negotiating up-sell cross-sell ability outlook email lotus notes quicken quickbooks. experience licensed united healthcare insurance sales agent sep 2014 to oct 2015 provided services to clients changing or updating healthcare insurance needs by upselling/cross selling a variety of health insurance products. ma mapd med sup and pdp s to groups and
__label__APPAREL gc head hostess summary gc head hostess summary to whom it may concern my is grace celsi and i would like to share a few of my work-centered skills all while maintaining prestigious grades. some of my attributes i could bring to your are as follows cheerful head hostess with 4 years helping customers while supporting teammates and managers. friendly and conversational when welcoming guests whilst accommodating everyone s needs in the workplace. i would consider myself an expert at prioritizing guest needs and stepping in to help all departments during busy hours. being a responsible and friendly team member makes customers feel welcome listen to needs and promote merchandise with practiced care and attention to individual needs. proficient in merchandising payment processing and general housekeeping of store areas. focused hardworking and punctual with excellent interpersonal and organizational skills. being a motivated nanny brings unique understanding of childhood needs and care to in-home environment. handles diverse child and household priorities by applying strong organizational and multitasking abilities. highly responsible and diligent with strong communication skills. with a background in taking a role as a sociable waitress i m skilled at operating in fast-paced environments with demanding objectives for sales service and quality. enthusiastic team
__label__CHEF executive chef summary motivated executive chef summary motivated executive chef with 22 years of culinary expertise. recognized for assessing operational needs and developing solutions to save costs improve revenues and drive customer satisfaction. resourceful and well-organized with excellent leadership and team building record. last 4 years were spent actively participating and designing kitchens and restaurants in a 167 million dollars hotel expansion while still managing and maintaining a fiscally responsible operation. the waterfront beach resort is recognized by guests and peers as a premier culinary location in orange county. experience executive chef 12/2003 to current managed kitchen and stewarding staff team of 67 and assigned various stages of food production and event management. designed managed and created menus for 3 restaurants offshore 9 boardwalk and newly opened henry s 2 pool pantries and 1 market riptide and surf hero . managed designed menus and cooked for over 51 000 square feet of meeting space. maintained labor at under 11 to promote long-term business profitability. purchased ingredients and managed inventory from a variety of vendors which allowed for a hotel wide food costs of 26 . worked closely on a daily basis with sales and catering to create dynamic cost effective food selections for small
__label__DESIGNER job captain designer highlights job captain designer highlights software literacy - autocad r14 2000 aperture v. 5.0 microstation 7.1 - adobe illustrator photoshop 6.0 excel word experience 12/2002 to current job captain designer worked independently and with other staff members to produce high-quality design proposals presentation drawings and construction documents for retail and hospitality clients. selected projects - steiff toy company- proposal for first north american prototype store in greater boston - stride-rite- proposal for the renovation of an existing shoe store future roll-out design - sodexho- proposed renovations for cafeteria and food concessions at various college campuses across the us including bentley college umass wheaton college. 04/2000 to 10/2002 project manager designer in-house architecture and interior design consultant for fidelity investments. collaborated with domestic and international firms on all stages of design and construction. facilitated project initiation and consultant selection. assisted with the coordination and flow of information between disciplines such as mechanical hvac landscaping lighting furniture and finishes. managed the progress and work of the primary design consultant and evaluated their performance. prepared design presentations and marketing material for clients director and fidelity chairman. researched building technologies and interior/exterior finishes and cost analysis. maintained design library and scheduled product presentations and learning
__label__FINANCE finance manager professional summary finance manager professional summary to attain a responsible position in an organization of repute where i can utilize my accounting expertise to prepare fair and accurate financial documents for the organization. core qualifications well versed with windows operating system microsoft office internet operations oracle erp sap tally date signature experience finance manager january 2012 ricoh india ltd is 73.6 owned subsidiary of japan base ricoh co. ltd. they are basically deals with manufacturing and installing office automation equipment like multifunctional printer copier fax etc. they have 14 branches and 230 dealers in all over india. with average sales revenue 10 billion. new delhi/ncr as a senior finance executive from 20th sept 12 to 16th feb 15 key responsibility budgeting forecasting as well as critical point analysis. irr npv calculation for project valuation using treasury management tools vide fund flow cash flow and change in working capital statement. all debtors management region wise .finalisation of accounts northern region customer dealing. calculation of dealer commission and employee commission audit scheduling and document preparation. balance sheet and profit loss statement analysis for raising the short term bank loan operating expenses as well as capital expenditure controlling. revenue recognisation for prepare the profit loss
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant tam bui staff accountant tam bui professional summary to pursue a challenging and reward career which will allow me to utilize my background in accounting and business environment ability to multi-task in a high paced deadline driven environment excellent in microsoft word microsoft excel and microsoft outlook experience in dba accounting software as well as other accounting software such as imaginary or evo software to pursue a challenging and reward career which will allow me to utilize my background in accounting and business environment ability to multi-task in a high paced deadline driven environment excellent in microsoft word microsoft excel and microsoft outlook skilled accountant with experience in the manufacture industry. familiar with many accounting software such as dba imaginary mainframe as400 . areas of expertise include ar ap accounts reconciliations gl accounts accrual accounts month end closing procedures. to pursue a challenging and reward career which will allow me to utilize my background in accounting and business environment ability to multi-task in a high paced deadline driven environment excellent in microsoft word microsoft excel and microsoft outlook skilled accountant with experience in the manufacture industry. familiar with many accounting software such as dba imaginary mainframe as400 . areas of expertise include
__label__AVIATION passenger services officer professional passenger services officer professional summary a hard working and self-motivated australian professional willing to learn and develop new skills. i am a dedicated organised and methodical individual. i have good interpersonal skills am an excellent team worker with an active and dynamic approach to work. i am flexible reliable and possess excellent time keeping skills. as an aspiring business professional i am looking to utilize my current analytical skills and knowledge as well as further develop these skills in a practical and fast-paced environment. skills customer service specialist friendly calm under pressure federal aviation administration faa regulations cabin technologies calm under pressure expert problem solver cpr certification multi-line phones passion for travel work history passenger services officer 11/2013 to 07/2014 system and product training complete systems training amadeus altea customer management system complete product training singapore airlines passenger baggage handling and flight check-in checked in an average of 60 passengers per check-in being a team player by helping colleagues achieve targets and solve problems to meet daily kpis serving customers in a polite and professional manner according to singapore airlines standards dispatching flights on time which included overseeing the boarding of the aircraft demonstrating an in-depth knowledge of key health
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY working rf systems engineer working rf systems engineer qualifications microsoft office/office for mac pages numbers keynote rf/microwave software ansoft designer awr microwave office. rf test instruments spectrum analyzer vector network/signal analyzer logic analyzer etc. programming language c/c++ python java matlab and labview circuit design software spice ni multisim pcb design software eagle pcb artiest experience working rf systems engineer may 2014 to current qualification multidisciplinary background rf hardware designs manufacturing operations and data analyst. summary experienced in developing hardware s dfm procedures checklists and requirements to subcontractors perform evt dvt pvt verifications and utilize fa process to drive root cause from system to unit level team leader on multiple end-to-end technical project design development testing and validation manage test/production readiness reviews and drives quality requirement for post-ramp qualification ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously self-starter with innovation and sharp attention to details experiences - new rf systems introduction on satellite communication architecture designs and proposals - define rf hardware unit dfm procedures and requirements for antenna receivers filters and amplifiers - lead suppliers by providing technical design specifications and testing requirements to meet ssl standards - utilize fa process to monitor overall project field performance. audits and dfm reviews on-site with suppliers - investigated
__label__APPAREL design director / senior design director / senior designer professional summary passionate design director with extensive talents in providing clear instructions to team members and supervising budgets to ensure project profitability. a natural leader with more than 10 years experience leading successful and talented design teams. seeking a new position as a senior designer with a great organization. skills apparel design adobe photoshop originality adobe illustrator garment construction superb eye for detail ability to effectively plan project presentations teamwork skills pattern making illustration sketchbook pro work history design director / senior designer 10/2016 to current developed seasonal merchandise assortment to improve category depth and breadth clearly communicated design revisions to all members of fashion design team developed seasonal and brand style guides to promote tiger schulmann s tsk pro shop sketched artistic and fresh designs for consideration communicated with photographers and stylists to effectively showcase brand negotiated with vendors on availability product specifications distribution delivery deadlines and price developed seasonal and brand style guides supervised several projects simultaneously maintaining profitability of each and consistently exceeding design expectations facilitated new processes within department alleviating repetition and boosting overall team productivity head designer 06/2015 to 10/2016 helped advance industry standing by creating innovative concept designs. supervised
__label__ADVOCATE patient service representative summary patient service representative summary seeking a position using strong organizational skills superb communication skills and interest in management position with the reputed organization that rewards loyalty hard work dependability and positive results in the team environment. skills maintains strict confidentiality knowledge of hmos medicare and medi-cal medical manager software electronic medical record emr software hipaa compliance patient-focused care strong work ethic team player with positive attitude proven patience and self-discipline personal and professional integrity relationship and team building staff training and development effectively influences others critical thinking proficiency cultural awareness and sensitivity experience patient service representative 03/2015 to current trained new hires and in-house staff members in evaluation data collection analysis and reporting strategies. oversaw data queries and made sure that they were rectified in the most efficient manner. answered phone calls emails letters and faxes and efficiently provided accurate information and responses. guided and handled 16 -employees including assistants hr assistant hiring of employees and assisting in appraisals for performance and corrective action responsible for arrangement resolving employee discrepancies . ability to handle high volume of inbound and outbound calls and concluded the nature of calls.as well as assisted callers to the proper physician. successfully organized appointments between physicians
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development associate professional business development associate professional overview over five years of experience in business operations and a master degree in international commerce and policy with the ability to execute strategic leadership direct-to-consumer marketing risk management and strong executive communication skills across all organizational levels. skills cash handling financial analysis capital market trends industrial coverage knowledge risk management expertise product management accounts payable/receivable detail-oriented process development business recovery and sustainability complex problem resolution social media marketing client acquisition experience business development associate 11/2015 to current identifying trendsetter ideas by researching industry and related events publications and announcements tracking individual contributors and their accomplishments. locating or proposing potential business deals by contacting potential partners discovering and exploring opportunities. screening potential business deals by analyzing market strategies deal requirements potential and financials evaluating options resolving internal priorities recommending equity investments. develop negotiating strategies and positions by studying integration of new venture with strategies and operations examining risks and potentials estimating partners needs and goals. credited for playing key role in generating over 200 000 per year in revenues. surpassed annual quota by 110 . identified 125000 in revenue opportunities by collaborating with distribution partners. trade agreements negotioations and compliance intern 03/2014 to 08/2014 support enforcement
__label__TEACHER bi teacher summary motivated bi teacher summary motivated teaching professional with over 25 years experience addressing student needs and ensuring proper student social/emotional development. core qualifications school improvement committee positive atmosphere promotion active participation in truancy committee administrative management experience working special needs students effectively work with parents differentiated instruction behavior modification instructional best practices goal setting and implementation professional experience 08/2005 to current bi teacher modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and technologies. wrote functional behavior assessment and behavior intervention plans to improve academic success in the classroom. created a desirable and safe environment for behaviorally challenged students. met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues. taught all four core subjects and social skills. developed a student success plan that has kept the suspension of my at-risk students to 5 . 08/2000 to 06/2005 middle school resource teacher taught english and math to 9th-12th graders implementing the use of technology such as the internet to create lessons when materials were lacking. developed program to work with students and increase interest in higher learning. collaborated with a team of faculty to develop a tutorial program for students in need of extra help. fostered
__label__DESIGNER sr. graphics designer summary sr. graphics designer summary i have been working as a graphic designer for vanderbilt university for twenty years. additionally since 2013 i have been supervising/advising a team of anywhere from ten to 17 student designers who perform work for vanderbilt students and student groups. highlights indesign photoshop illustrator quark microsoft word acrobat designing in four-color photo manipulation and retouching illustration and wordmark design accomplishments awards second place for great performances at vanderbilt 2006-07 brochure from association of college unions international first place for best calendar 2006-07 from association of college unions international -region 5 first place for great performances at vanderbilt 2001-02 brochure from association of college unions international second place for homecoming ad 2001-02 from association of college unions international experience 02/2007 to 04/2017 sr. graphics designer graphic design work for all offices within the office of the dean of students including brochures postcards ads posters fliers table tents invitations t-shirts logos banners et.al. this involves work for any or all of the following departments active citizenship service arts campus events assessment and special projects black cultural center center for student wellbeing chaplain religious life office of university central administration conferences office greek life housing and residential education inclusion
__label__CHEF chef de cuisine executive chef de cuisine executive profile my culinary background started with a simple cooking class in high school that grew into a love for all things food. i went to le cordon bleu culinary school where i developed a solid foundation in french cuisine techniques and flavours. after graduating i spent the winter in southern italy training under michelin star chef richard titi. this cultivated my passion for pasta which has continued ever since. most recently i have been running the kitchen for chef scott howard at citizen in beverly hills. skill highlights focused and disciplined servsafe certified focus on portion and cost control excellent multi-tasker high volume production capability well-tuned palette hand made pastas staff management professional experience 04/2016 to current chef de cuisine developed seasonal menu maintained quality of food while constantly keeping a low food cost in charge of inventory/ordering responsible for hiring and firing of employees trained all new employees to uphold our standards 09/2014 to 04/2016 chef de cuisine assisted in seasonal menu development. in charge of inventory/ordering. fabricating proteins. handmade pastas daily. 01/2014 to 09/2014 sous chef ran lunch service and worked all stations for dinner in busy 300-400-person restaurant. in charge of inventory and
__label__ARTS material and tooling control material and tooling control lead summary qualified manufacturing manager and electrician who stays current with public safety and security standards. safely operates and maneuvers a diverse range of heavy duty construction equipment. looking for a long-term position with an organization that values organizational culture and integrity. highlights certified forklift operator back hoe operator electric palette jack operator pipe laying threading and bending safety trained and oriented blueprint reading excellent driving record strong communication skills work experience material and tooling control lead 01/2012 to current helped achieve goals by supporting production workers. identified and implemented change in workplace policy and procedure to positively effect production rate and quality. supervised team of eight skilled production and tooling machine operators. inspected finished products for quality and adherence to customer specifications. monitored the production processes and adjusted schedules. adhered to all applicable regulations policies and procedures for health safety and environmental compliance. worked with managers to implement the s policies and goals. troubleshooted problems with equipment devices or products. operated manufacturing machinery such as a forklift hem saw sheer table saw chop saw drill and recipicating saw. bale inspector 01/2011 to 01/2012 changed equipment over to new product. adjusted machine feed and speed if
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development marketing representative business development marketing representative summary motivated marketing manager specializing in budgeting project management and staff training and development. thoroughly understands client preferences and needs and effectively manages sales teams to optimize customer satisfaction and boost sales. highlights skilled in ms office as400 excel quickens and cubs-picklan fluent in spanish strong interpersonal skills skilled multi-tasker account management brand recognition optimization cross-functional team leadership public relations expert excellent communication skills team building expertise consultative sales techniques accomplishments created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in a number increase in monthly sales.managed a portfolio of number accounts totaling amount in sales.hired trained and managed a team of number successful product managers.launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base from number to number customers. experience business development marketing representative january 2000 to current identified developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of objectives and market trends. incoming and out calls to dealers and consumers maintain a healthy and reputable relationship with dealers and management. negotiated favorable contract structures fees and criteria exceptions. researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications.researched beneficial investment opportunities and made recommendations to senior management. review credit bureau
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations manager summary public relations manager summary pr/media relations professional skilled at delivering sharply focused high-impact for corporate government and not-for-profit organizations that generate measurable results. strategic thinker who understands big-picture business goals develops program strategies/tactics and exceeds expectations. highlights brand positioning messaging strategy writing editing media outreach project management crisis management executive coaching event planning/execution new product launches experience 01/2003 to 01/2014 public relations manager create/implement plans to promote irem and its credentials product/service offerings thought leadership initiatives and events via ongoing publicity news flow and media relations outreach. secure /promote speaking engagements for irem leaders at high-profile industry events. develop publicity/public relations tools and resources for chapter regional and national leaders provide training on use. coordinate annual leadership communications training focused on formal and informal interaction with media and other target audiences. support leadership outreach program to those positioned to purchase or influence purchase of irem products /services. contribute to branding strategy as a resource to the marketing department. provide timely engaging newsworthy content for irem social media platforms. develop/administer budgets for pr and related programs with focus on cost control. some key achievements cultivated long-term relationships with local/regional/national press contacts by proactively stimulating and responding to requests for editorial input.
__label__AVIATION tso/floater career overview to tso/floater career overview to obtain a position to provide for my family after finishing my call of duty and term of service i indebted to my country with honor and pride it specialist versed in software administration and data communications. highly skilled personal computer support technician offering vast knowledge of network security at desktop server and internet levels. efficient and organized surveillance professional with 7 years in security and safety compliance. extensive security guard training. as well as mp training military police quality-focused and efficient cook adept at preparing and plating food in high energy fast-paced kitchens.line cook with more then 10 years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. qualifications sun certified java developer scjd technical help desk experience cisco certified network associate ccna strong analytical skills gui and tools unix/linux strong collaborative skills web content management proficiency in tcp/ip protocols document management optimizing and performance tuning testing excellent problem solving skills knowledge of streaming video platforms technical skills skills experience total years last used proficient in word excel and powerpoint
__label__CONSULTANT marketing consultant summary value marketing consultant summary value creator marketing executive versatile strategic leader with over 15 years in corporate marketing business development and account management for fortune 1000 niche and start-up companies. success in healthcare technology automotive retail and consumer-packaged goods. proven ability to grow revenues and brand loyalty in b2c and b2b markets with innovative campaigns and targeted marketing programs. contributor to team leader with experience over million-dollar budgets. entrepreneur mindset creative and analytical skills for measurable impact. bba in marketing and mba in management. skills strategic planning forecasting budgets p l brand product management channel strategies lead generation account management complex selling software technology manufacturing sourcing sales enablement business competitive analysis market research new product development packaging creative/design content communications social media digital events project management vendor management crm automation apps call center telemarketing experience marketing consultant may 2011 to current marketing services and consulting working with diverse companies in healthcare and technology. client roles vary as consultant contractor and employee in marketing leadership and managing all areas of the marketing function and resources. experience focuses in corporate startups and individuals seeking to thrive including . marketing director/consultant april 2015 to december 2016 increased profits by 60 in one year through
__label__FINANCE finance / office manager finance / office manager summary dedicated finance manager and office admin who leverages initiative and resourcefulness to deliver excellence in meeting business objectives. highlights intuit quickbooks specialist accounting operations professional fiscal budgeting knowledge accounts receivable and payable expert in customer relations professional exceptional time management skills skilled multi-tasker microsoft office proficiency excellent communication skills computer-savvy customer service-oriented accomplishments power words proposed researched created streamlined represented recommended identified established improved trained resolved monitored prepared integrated advised won increased documented recorded initiated managed reduced solved consulted guided developed ensured skills accounting accountant accounts payable accounts receivable administrative administrative functions adobe illustrator photoshop adp payroll advertising ap ar art agency benefits billing bookkeeping bookkeeper brochures brochure budget business cards business correspondence cash flow consultant contracts cost accounting creative writing client clients excellent customer service database desktop publishing edit filemaker pro filing financial financial management financial operations financial reports fsa general ledger grant writing graphic design instruction insurance interior design inventory logistics managing marketing marketing materials materials excel spreadsheets excel office myob office equipment paralegal payroll profit project management purchasing quarkxpress quickbooks quickbooks pro research scheduling shipping spreadsheets spreadsheet tax taxes tax preparation make travel arrangements vendor relations website written year-end experience finance /
__label__SALES sales engineer summary i sales engineer summary i am currently looking to advance my career in a position that offers a greater challenge and the opportunity to enhance the s productivity and reputation. with my educational background and the experience which i have gained in my previous position i can effectively connect with customers sales team and the professional services department. skills strong analytical skills excellent communication skills strong interpersonal skills critical thinker data mining data quality data warehousing database management experience sales engineer november 2016 to may 2017 deliver insight to clients via webex about mirth solutions primarily mirth connect appliances and other nextgen product solutions. prepare a sales reports via salesforce by collecting analyzing and summarizing sales information and r d and application trends. provide expert level product consultation to align implementation deliverables with client expectations and sales objectives. perform current reviews and future recommendations to enhance productivity and increase roi. achieved organizational objectives for the development and delivery of complex multi-product proposals such as quotes rfp s and sow s to be delivered within timely and accurate manner. review all proposals whether by writing new content editing technical content and coaching other team members while ensuring that the proposal was compliant
__label__HEALTHCARE project coordinator professional summary project coordinator professional summary to be part of a world class organization where i can utilize my experience and knowledge gained e ciently and help the organization realize its goals and objectives by focusing on optimum operational management and leadership activities. core qualifications medicine and dentistry critical thinking judgment and decision making medical terminology time management active learning quality control analysis multitasking hipaa e-health records ms-o ce and other o ce tools experience project coordinator june 2015 to december 2015 roles and responsibilities maintained project assets communications and related database s . maintained scheduling and event calendars. performed payroll functions such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and submitting payroll. review and report the project s budget and finances. collected information and made judgments through observation interviews and the review of documents. applied systematic sampling techniques to ensure the accuracy completeness precision and representativeness of samples selected for surveys. collaborated with economic development planners to decide on the implementation of proposed development policies plans and programs based on culturally institutionalized barriers and facilitating circumstances. conducted participatory action research in communities and organizations to assess how work is done and to design work systems technologies and environments. build and use text-based
__label__DESIGNER interior designer professional summary interior designer professional summary hands on and highly motivated interior designer involved in all stages of design from concept inception and development to installation. results-oriented design professional who works with the design team to provide seamless cutting edge and creative designs within strict time frames. work history interior designer jan 1999 - current consulted with clients to determine scope of project and appropriate budget to achieve client s goal in a high level of design. presented professional and polished storyboards layouts and budgets based on scope of each project. offered solutions for design concerns. negotiated and assisted in writing contracts to present to client. selected and sourced all hardline materials surface materials paint colors and architectural solutions to assist in completing project. created custom furniture as needed by interfacing with fabricators and artisans. guided assistants contractors and peers in resolving design issues whether aesthetic or structural. offered clear and fair communication to team members assisting with design process. sourcing of all ff e items to suit specific project needs while maintaining project budget. procurement of all items needed to complete project within deadlines. receipt and placement of furnishings art and all decorative elements. created custom furniture as needed by interfacing
__label__HEALTHCARE pharmaceutical sales representative women pharmaceutical sales representative women s healthcare specialist professional summary skills proven administrative highly organized leadership support event planning entrepreneurial conflict public speaking mindset resolution project staffing team leadership reporting and self directed documentation outbound calling prospecting account management acquisitions administrative contracts clientele customer satisfaction customer ssatisfaction decision making documentation event planning inventory team leadership leadership director managing marketing plans marketing market mergers communicator organizational skills problem-solving public speaking recruitment relationship-building reporting sales staffing strategic strategic planning team player work history pharmaceutical sales representative women s healthcare specialist doubled membership in an environment where acquisitions and mergers by national chain accounts directly affected potential membership recruitment. investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. responded to all customer inquiries thoroughly and professionally. provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientele resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction. set up and explained new membership contracts. effectively communicated with and supported sales marketing and administrative teams on a daily basis. assisted in creating pre-season marketing plans to support department and divisional strategies. communicated with vendors regarding backorder availability future inventory and special orders. developed account management program that focused on maintaining
__label__ENGINEERING engineering lab technician summary engineering lab technician summary to obtain a position in my field of electronics with a that offers opportunities for advancement based on strong technical skills and work performance. skills construct test and troubleshoot ac/dc circuits determine voltage current resistance and power by calculations and measurements identify electronic components and schematic symbols utilize oscilloscopes to measure ac frequency very proficient in soldering troubleshoot and identify faulty capacitors inductors and transformers skilled in the use of hand tools for repairing and installing electronics create circuits with multisim cad software assemble/disassemble pcs and electronics to the component level familiar in c+ c++ java script sql visual studio microsoft team foundation microsoft test manager tera term gshell linux osi studied and understand programmable logic controllers digital communications with fiber optics understand different types of transmission lines twisted pair utp shielded pair and coaxial proficient with microsoft word excel powerpoint access outlook strong oral and written communication skills adapt to new technology at an accelerated rate experience engineering lab technician jan 2014 to jan 2016 run software tests physical checks and beverage qa tests on new technology being developed. build test cases for new software builds. perform regression functional and smoke testing. use refractometers to
__label__SALES sales summary bilingual account sales summary bilingual account executive with over 15yrs of experience experienced managing up to 120 retail wireless doors for corporate indirect channel over 20yrs of successful sales leadership highly reliable self-starter can be counted on to complete assignments without supervision consistently achieved high ranked performance in every position held highly developed interpersonal communication and analytical skills experienced with metrics/market analysis/forecasting/salesforce/saas highlights prospecting and cold calling strategic account development exceptional customer service skills bilingual spanish strong solution driven problem solving skills strong communicator accomplishments top sales producer july 2014 1.8m sold over 3m in volume sold within the past 6months verizon top producer los angeles territory development 2005/irvine verizon best of the best west area top 100 employees 2004/irvine verizon national west area winners circle 2003 /irvine sprint pcs chicago area top producer sales excellence award 2000 sprint pcs illinois/wisconsin excellence sales award 2000 presidents club for sprint pcs chicago and los angeles markets 2000 and 1999 experience sales november 2014 to current more than 20years of going above and beyond client expectations providing sales training for thousands of clients within fortune 500 corporations. exceeding sales goals year after year almost 3m in sales volume in 2014 i am honored and
__label__AVIATION customer service rep career customer service rep career focus to find a long term career that is enjoyable and a great place to work. being able to support a family is a big plus as well core qualifications operations management natural leader proficiency in management and weapons training aircraft safety proficient communicator quick learner motivated computer proficient background checks microsoft office strong analytical skills file/records maintenance excellent problem solving skills reports generation and analysis change management financial records and processing first aid training 2014 training and development aed training 2014 superior customer service diagnosis and repair mathematical aptitude preventative maintenance employee relations specialist service solutions expert dedicated to process improvement conflict resolution proficiency devoted to data integrity negotiation competency troubleshooting skills telecommunications knowledge proficient in customer account software multi-channel contact center software customer relationship management software crm adept in automated attendant systems education and training 2014 aviation warfare operator-a1 a school - us select one on the job training for electronic warfare operator 8 moth school dedicated to familiarize the student with the boeing 737 platform. learned in-flight emergency procedures crew resource management skills system operations preformed basic aircraft maintenance. acoustic/ radar signal interpretation high school diploma 2012 naval aircrew candidate school - us
__label__DESIGNER interior designer summary successful interior designer summary successful design consultant with over 26 years of experience. who manages large-scale interior and exterior projects from low to high-end residential homes. capable interior designer equipped with a can-do attitude who leverages the valuable design insight gained from past creations. enthusiastic and confident demeanor enables customers to feel at ease with the design process. exhibits sophisticated taste and a unique design style. highlights concept development space planning color and material application strong leader product specifications interior architectural detailing proficient with furniture systems accomplishments successful interior design consultant for 27 years. managed and supervised large-scale remodeling of. interior and exterior projects. including average to high-end residential homes and historical homes . experience 07/2007 to current interior designer - worked with dr vettese for over 18 years. i have done over 9 homes in the us and mexico. produced content for material boards and specification binders for presentation and construction.successfully assisted clients in choosing furnishings that were consistent with their preferences and budget.developed interior design concepts and prepared interior systems and finishes.reviewed project costs budgets and adherence to schedules.visited home sites when necessary to assess and fulfill customer needs.ensured that the project vision and design intent were reflected. 08/2012
__label__BANKING manager advisory performance improvement manager advisory performance improvement career overview experienced solution architect and system z mainframe technology evangelist with over 12 years of it industry experience focusing on large banking financial services and government clients across asean region. proven record of constantly delivering high performance and result oriented professional with exceptional management and consultative selling skills. demonstrated ability to work independently or as a team player in various projects. fast learner good analytical - innovative - goal-oriented - flexible recent accomplishments over-achieving the asean sales goals for ibm software every year by closing high values deals e.g. core system modernization integrations and new workload for banking and government clients and awarded the ibm hundred percent achievement club. awarded the sales eminence award for being the top high performer by demonstrating technical leadership in delivering new and complex high quality solution to clients in response to varying business requirements to many large customers in asean resulting in various high value deals closure and growing ibm solution footprint in asean. consistent top high performance rating every year in ibm. awarded the outstanding technical achievement award for outstanding competitive wins with ibm solution including competitive takeout in various accounts asean. achieved the ibm certified it specialist
__label__SALES camryn hilliard professional summary camryn hilliard professional summary highly motivated sales associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. outgoing sales professional with track record of driving increased sales improving buying experience and elevating profile with target market. consistently recognized for sales performance and excellence in customer service. skills current trend knowledge stocking and replenishing merchandising knowledge sales exceptional customer service social perceptiveness problem-solving skills client service clothing/accessories minor vetranary and pandora jewlery product knowledge excellent people skills sales expertise sales training cash handling multi-tasking strength cash register operation education university of scranton expected in 05/2024 bachelor of science psychology and political science work history - sales associate 02/2020 - current engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships. delivered high level of assistance by locating products and checking store system for merchandise at other sites. educated customers on promotions to enhance sales. completed orders through store provided system system and organized product deliveries to meet customer timetables. applied security and loss prevention training toward recognizing risks and reducing store theft. maintained customer satisfaction while handling product returns quickly and professionally. liaised with customers and recommended specific products and specials aligning with individual needs requirements and specifications. provided positive first impressions to
__label__HR hr coordinator summary to hr coordinator summary to obtain a challenging career in the human resource field where i can utilize my capabilities and experiences to achieve goals as well as my personal development. highlights i have great knowledge of fax machines printers copiers and computers. i type about 45 wpm with a great accuracy i also have microsoft word excel access and powerpoint experience experience hr coordinator february 2015 to current managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits. offered consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee pto and vacation accruals. explained human resources policies and procedures to all employees. conducted telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees. answered employee questions during the entrance and exit interview processes. worked closely with hr business partners to facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team strengths. selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions. assessed employee performance and issued disciplinary notices. worked on 401 k administration fmla and workers compensation claims and benefits. managed over 70 personnel files according to policy and federal and law and regulations. generated employee tracking reports each month. managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits. organized employee schedules department phone lists and business
__label__TEACHER teacher summary highly motivated teacher summary highly motivated and hard working medical assistant with knowledge of technical and medical support and excellent communication skills seeking an opportunity to contribute to the daily duties and responsibilities in a clinical and administrative capacity. clinical skills- medical terminology anatomy and physiology positioning draping patients in preparation for examinations measuring/recording vital signs blood pressure temperature pulse respiration height weight administering oral medications providing patient education administering injections im id sub-q z-track technique performing phlebotomy butterfly vaccutainer needle syringe capillary current cardiopulmonary resuscitation certification and cleaning sterilizing examining rooms and equipment. administrative skills- customer service experience proficient with microsoft office suite and various operating systems scheduling appointments for multiple doctors with various software applications knowledge of icd-9 and cpt billing coding procedures handling co-payments verifying insurance inputting patient information into patient files competent with standard office equipment procedures and excellent interpersonal communication skills-verbal and written. experience 01/2013 teacher taught letters numbers and arts and crfts to 3 and 4 year olds. monitored children during general classroom periods such as lunch and nap times. cleaned all areas of the classroom at the end of the day. 01/2012 medical assistant measured and recorded vitals assisted doctor with examinations administered injections cleaned
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary results-oriented accountant professional summary results-oriented and organized bilingual accounting and finance professional with 10 + years extensive and diverse accounting auditing and finance experience. experience in all aspects of financial reporting accruals and managerial cost accounting reporting systems operational analysis and human resources functions through the acceptance of expanded responsibilities after exceptional performance. knowledge of accounting theory principles practices and regulations including fasb/gaap and sox compliance. cpa candidate analytical problem - solving and decision-making performance and productivity improvement team-building leadership payroll accounting tax accounting financial analysis strategic planning project and inventory management staff management skills work history 01/2014 to current a full service accounting firm services include assistance in all tax and business affairs. compile and analyze financial information to prepare financial statements for the formulation of corporate tax returns for private and corporate clients. maintaining general ledgers including posting adjusting and closing journal entries analyze financial transactions to ensure they are recorded to the appropriate general ledger accounts and make any necessary corrections to journal entries as needed to properly reflect the financial position of the company. continued v. mercado p. 2. accountant 01/1999 to current one the largest stone and structural steel fabricator in the south suburbs. services include
__label__AVIATION aviation electronics technician summary aviation electronics technician summary administrative expert employee advocate leading with consistent work ethic attitude and professionalism highly skilled and successful professional with solid and diverse experience in comprehensive military and civilian leadership settings. currently seeking to leverage academic background with professional expertise to secure a challenging and rewarding position in business management with a that is established and poised for growth. demonstrated proficiency in human resources and financials with outstanding ability to effectively oversee complex projects from conception to completion. articulate and dynamic leader demonstrating professionalism while handling various organizational functions. effective communicator and leader with mba and ba in accounting. organized and detail oriented exemplifying professionalism with an astute ability to manage multiple projects and tasks under high-pressured circumstances. administrative leader utilizing innovative management and leadership strategies to facilitate team development and project execution. highlighted leadership qualities and the ability to work with and manage individuals from diverse and cultured backgrounds while promoting team values. highlights new employee orientations microsoft office suite expert human resources audits staff training and development quickbooks maintains confidentiality hr policies and procedures expertise exceptional communicator accomplishments audited an hris database and received special recognition with a thank you award. leadership served as key contributing
__label__ADVOCATE child performer welfare advocate child performer welfare advocate summary administrative professional offering excellent communication and computer skills. meets deadlines and works with a high level of multicultural awareness and adaptability. highlights s kills critical thinking business correspondence attention to detail filing and data archiving report development physician billing types 50 wpm patient scheduling microsoft office suite quality assurance misys tiger medical software proficient experience january 2011 to august 2012 child performer welfare advocate responsible for welfare of child performers on a major network television production. advocated and insured that the child performers were treated properly by fellow cast crew producers and directors. kept proper time records for amount of time each child performer was on camera as well as off camera to insure that they were not overworked. responsible for as many as 9 principle child performers and 40 background child performers at one time. education tutoring for a child performer to make sure the child was able to keep up with their education while away from the school setting. february 2007 to february 2007 managed executive pc - savannah ga checked patients in and out of a busy cardiology practice with 6 physicians scheduled in house appointments outpatient testing procedures and referrals to
__label__FITNESS fitness director professional profile fitness director professional profile dedicated business professional with over seven years of experience in marketing and customer service in the fitness industry marketing and selling fitness services while providing exceptional customer service. qualifications successful sales experience creative and resourceful exceptional problem solving ability superior organization strong leadership and communication skills project management proficient with microsoft office and outlook ability to work in a team setting experience fitness director 01/2010 to current managed 20 full time staff and 40 part-time and on call staff. managed schedules for 10 full time and five part-time personal trainers three nutritionists two cardio coaches and four pilates trainers. worked directly with sales of personal training wellness pilates group exercise services and packages to members based on the needs of the member. provided members with exceptional member service by exceeding expectations and being proactive in resolving issues and answering questions. setup and managed csi scheduling billing and operating software system for the fitness and wellness departments. developed and created new programs to promote and market the various fitness and wellness services to increase member engagement. worked closely with the communications team on the various marketing outlets. this includes creating text and formats for email alerts gpx
__label__APPAREL apparel production manager executive apparel production manager executive profile creative apparel production manager adept at product development design change and cost tracking to adhere to budgetary guidelines. proficient in the use of design software to further expedite project completions. specialize in applying creative approaches to design while managing daily production staff activities. professional experience august 2013 to current apparel production manager set production schedules and established production specifications. checked finished apparel for size accuracy. performed fabric tests to ensure quality compliance. oversaw daily facility activities. ensured that all facility maintenance procedures were followed. february 2009 to august 2013 apparel production manager reviewed production sketches. periodically updated production specifications. set team objectives. addressed quality control issues. september 2006 to november 2008 apparel production manager reviewed equipment performance reports. maintained contact with clients to ensure timely fulfillment of orders. prepared purchase orders invoices and budget reports. routinely inspected staff work areas. may 2005 to september 2006 apparel production manager coordinated with other offices to ensure consistency in apparel production. set monthly production quotas and tracked production in real-time. oversaw inventory of fabric and related supplies. prepared sales samples per client requests. education 2005 university of california bachelor of science applied management applied management 2009 university of
__label__AVIATION simulator technician summary experienced simulator technician summary experienced electronic technician with extensive knowledge in a/c and d/c theory and troubleshooting skills and technique. avionics specialist in theory of operation and repairs. highlights ac/dc power and control systems electro-mechanical proficiency digital circuitry branch circuit wiring sub-panel installation excellent written and verbal communication skills superior troubleshooting skills test equipment operation diagnostic testing accomplishments electrical wiring worked to meet current faa electrical codes and guidelines. installed wiring and electrical appliances for commercial and military aircraft with a 40 ahead-of-schedule rate. scheduled and tracked all repairs. supervised team of three staff members. mounted assembled components on circuit board at a rate of 100 per shift. served as an expert in troubleshooting and repairing state-of-the-art electrical and electronic systems. experience simulator technician april 2013 to may 2014 flight instruments installation and repair. installing avionics lru s and flight gauges on flight line. interpretation of blueprints and schematics. installation of avionics equipment. afcs hsi adi hud etc.. theory of operation of avionics systems and test sets. installation of harnesses in aircraft. completing modifications and upgrades. rewiring cannon plugs. cockpit experience on citation 2 3 7 citation excel citation ultra bravo crj 700-900 uh-60 ch-47 737 gulfstream 3-5 lear 31a king
__label__AVIATION java intern career overview java intern career overview developer well-versed in structuring developing and implementing interactive websites. with experience in back-end programming relational databases and performance testing san. education may 2015 wichita university master of science computer science gpa gpa 3.93/4 gpa 3.92/4 may 2013 bmsce bachelor of engineering computer science gpa gpa 8.81/10 gpa 8.81/10 qualifications programming and design skills strong analytical skills optimizing and performance tuning experience with writing and executing test plans experience working in agile software development methodology capable of working simultaneously on diverse projects individually and as a team experience in project presentations and enthusiasm in understanding new concepts technical skills server-side technologies servlets jsp j2ee technologies hibernate3.x jpa spring 3.0 struts 2.0 ejb jms design patterns sql pl/sql client-side scripting html5 css java script angularjs jquery and bootstrap consuming and producing soap and restful web services xml and json c c++ unix system programming cuda perl data structures operating system concepts multicore and multi-threaded programming san unix tools eclipse iometer code warrior vi editor visual studio arduino oracle 11g code blocks iscsi initiator netapp internal tools navicat jconsole jmeter tomcat jboss git technical projects unix system programming built a binary search tree using system calls in c on
__label__ADVOCATE human resources manager summary human resources manager summary to continue my professional human resource career in a position of leadership focused on creative people strategies and that improve employee engagement drive business initiatives and focuses on overall operating performance and achieving strategic results. business acumen / fiscal management knowledgeable of federal labor employment law. efficient effective project management skills. ability to deliver results with a sense of urgency. ability to analyze and interpret profit loss statements. effective manager of expense and budget goals. microsoft office including word excel and powerpoint accomplishments effective leader and change agent. member of sr. leadership team. responsible for providing advice and council to sr. leadership and management regarding policy law and any decisions that affect the workforce. responsible for directing and motivating team of hr professionals to influence operations to exceed business expectations and goals. accountable for driving performance initiatives and goals developing and driving employee engagement programs. proficient adviser to associates and management on hr policies and practices and federal labor laws. advise management regarding associate relations concerns conduct disciplinary and grievance hearings ensure enforcement of eeoc ofccp and dpl guidelines. active in maintaining an employer of choice work environment that renders third party representation obsolete. experience human
__label__BANKING inside sales representative experience inside sales representative experience march 2012 to current inside sales representative currently selling the suite of opentable products to an assigned territory with a concentration in chicago minneapolis and milwaukee. utilize a consultative approach to communicate the features and benefits of opentable products and services. effectively meet sales results by various means such as cold-calling presenting at sponsored seminars following up on provided leads meeting in person with restaurant owners and networking with field representatives along with leveraging customer service into upselling opportunities. solid understanding of opentable electronic reservation book and its competitive advantages. met or exceeded monthly quarterly and yearly quota for calendar year 2012 125 2013 108 and 2015 100 . proficient understanding of salesforce.com crm application and pipeline management. promoted to sales representative from sales coordinator within first 6 months of employment. august 2009 to february 2012 asset manager managed a 50m portfolio of real estate properties. represented investors developers and business owners in leasing residential and commercial space. increased profile with existing client base while networking extensively to forge new alliances to provide multi-faceted real estate services. financial reporting and owner summaries for 700 units of mixed multifamily and commercial properties. developed and negotiated specific project
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary military veteran consultant summary military veteran and phd with a breadth of professional experience. proven expertise in long- and short-term projects with tight deadlines and changing requirements. highlights analytical problem solving superb writer and editor articulate presentation skills research / analysis data collection and analysis effective team leader consulting research analysis qualitative analysis quantitative analysis social media project management media analysis editor copy editing data entry drafting editorial fundraising government law enforcement personnel management networking security sop public speaking leadership policy analysis accomplishments part of marine security guard contingent for sec colin powell in tashkent uzbekistan dec. 2001 . honor graduate south dakota law enforcement training 911 dispatcher class december 2006 . publication - cass 2009 voices postgraduate perspectives on interdisciplinarity . experience consultant awareness building and donor relations uganda community farm - eastern uganda pro bono consultancy services for uganda community farm a self-help african action on extreme poverty advise ucf founder on public relations and media relations campaigns orchestrate strategies to raise ucf s social media footprint and fundraising profile helped plan and successfully implement ucf s initial fundraising campaign - resulting in seed money to open a demonstration plot for regional farmers and raising ucf s profile enough to
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT vp of business development vp of business development professional overview accomplished business development executive with 7 years of experience in life science startups and clinical research organizations. i also have an entrepreneurial spirit as the co-founder of data analytics and a financial background through my master s at bentley university. education december 2012 finance mccallum graduate school at bentley university finance extensive case-based exercises in capital budgeting corporate finance marketing sizing equities bonds common financial covenants and options. experience in valuations including risk-adjusted net present value using wacc and capm and comparables may 2011 bachelor of science economics finance bentley university cum laude economics finance experience 01/2016 to current vp of business development painqx pqx is a diagnostic/software that developed a next generation approach to objectively measure pain in humans by decoding neural activity. incorporated the pqx platform in six clinical trials to be used as a pain biomarker to gauge the efficacy of experimental therapeutics. raised 500k from angel groups and venture funds. identified a joint venture partner in china leading to a 1m investment. developed an economic model demonstrating that the pqx technology reduces costs to health care providers by converting poorly managed pain patients to well-managed pain patients saving up to
__label__CHEF kitchen utility worker/evening weekend kitchen utility worker/evening weekend chef professional summary fast-learning recent cna graduate fast-paced enthusiastic about working in a hospital adult family home and/or retirement home. i have 4+ years experience taking care of mentally ill dementia alzheimer schizophrenic hospice and end of life care patients. i focus a lot on patient care and needs to make sure my client is comfortable at all times. licenses fundamentals of caregiving first aid and cpr dementia training mental health training nurse delegations cna license skill highlights understands mobility assistance needs charting expertise understands medical procedures trained in grooming and bathing assistance documentation procedures expert trained in catheter change and preparation quick problem solver patient positioning understanding chart preparation/filing aptness body mechanics competency alphabetical/numerical filing mastery adept in oxygen machine maintenance feeding assistance specialist enthusiastic caregiver general housekeeping ability professional experience april 2012 to january 2013 kitchen utility worker/evening weekend chef planned prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets. maintained a clean orderly and well-stocked environment.participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas.promoted personal and co-worker safety. january 2013 to april 2013 caregiver/pca observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.
__label__FITNESS child center asst dept child center asst dept head summary to obtain a position as a personable executive assistant who capably maintains open lines of communication among senior executives board members shareholders middle management and administrative staff. highlights results-oriented time management dedicated team player proper phone etiquette meeting planning schedule management strong problem solver professional and mature accomplishments increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocol. i coordinated all department functions for team of 30+ employees. experience child center asst dept head 05/2009 to current kids activities assistant department head assist in managing the operational financial and budgetary responsibility for the kids activity programming and child center area. market promote and sell kids activities programs throughout the club and in the community to increase participation in all our different children programs. plan program curriculum prepares program schedules and registers participants articulate extensive knowledge of life time fitness programs products services policies and procedures i provide outstanding customer service by developing positive relationships with members everyday. early childhood assistant teacher 05/2009 to 09/2009 assist in planning and implementing the daily program under the direction of the lead teacher which included lesson plans using naeyc s developmentally appropriate practices. assist in
__label__BANKING retail banking director summary retail banking director summary a highly creative professional with over 18 years of executive marketing and communication experience and a proven track record of successful projects from initial concept through completion. a high energy results-oriented leader recognized for innovative tactics and demonstrated success at strategic/tactical planning building large over 200 highly effective teams focused on achieving production and financial goals analytical and financial expertise. a talent for building and working with cohesive teams with strong problem solving skills able to manage time-sensitvie projects with multi-million dollar budgets. proven success in increasing customer awareness changing brands and image within the santa fe community and achieving growth and budgetary goals. strong ability in working with all levels of an organization from entry-level employees to board members and community leaders. skills strategic planning marketing and communication highly creative financial analytical experience facilities management experience leading it related projects teams experience retail banking director jan 2007 to jan 2017 provide leadership to all the nm co branches and private banking within the bank in the areas of loan deposit growth risk management staff development and community involvement. manage the training facilities and real estate projects for the company. responsible for all the development planning
__label__TEACHER assistant teacher summary energetic assistant teacher summary energetic childcare provider with 7+ years working with children in settings such as a day care center in home nanny and elementary schools. works well as part of a team while following all teacher-driven directives. proactive and self-sufficient in creating innovative ways to deliver curriculum. skills positive reinforcement methods professional babysitter and nanny qualified tutor understands developmental disorders active listener infant toddler and preschool curriculum expert skilled in working with special needs children reliable and punctual friendly cheerful and energetic behavior management techniques playful engaging active listening arts crafts and games calm under pressure self-motivated certifications first aid cpr and cpi certified. experience 04/2016 to current promoted good behavior by using the positive reinforcement method. taught basic education principles while complying with iep and ard goals. assisted the lead teacher with snack time arts and crafts and putting the children down for naps. administered medication and minor first aid to sick and injured students. maintained a child-friendly environment by allowing frequent access to outdoor activities. addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management staff. engaged with children individually to meet their emotional and physical needs. sparked imagination by helping children discover new things each day.
__label__TEACHER lead teacher summary solid lead teacher summary solid background in special needs and early childhood education with strong emphasis in children s development. consistently exceed teaching goals and parents expectations. experienced in assessing and evaluating individual needs to provide an enhanced learning experience. skilled in developing and implementing strategies and procedures.enthusiastic teacher who has earned trust and respect from students colleagues and administration for 12+ years. core qualifications excellent classroom management active participation in groups plans events teaching tutoring and counseling experience working special needs students effectively work with parents interactive teaching/learning innovative lesson planning classroom management effective listening cpr/first-aid certified goal setting and implementation achievements team building and leadership created collaborative classroom experience through process initiative . lesson planning introduced new learning methods to ensure total comprehension for all students. developed new learning center for reading assistance. education strategies employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of sensory/perceptual-motor skills language cognition and memory. plan development planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction demonstration and work time that provided students with opportunities to observe question and investigate. parent communication regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas. creative lesson planning motivated students
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary exceptional teacher professional summary exceptional special education professional seeking director position passionate educator who strongly believes that all students can achieve excellence. goal oriented scholar with excellent communication skills and proven ability in making connections and building rapport with school personnel students parents interagency teams and community organizations. strive to support and enhance the lives of the visually impaired community who is currently underserved. areas of excellence business/human resource management special education laws data analysis interviewing staffing rti/msdi school-wide pbs instruction planning employee development idea compliance budgeting instructional coaching progress monitoring scheduling pd facilitator documentation skills work history teacher 08/2017 to current collaborate with professional staff to create comprehensive youth team goals and advocate for the needs of students with visual impairments. work with a team of low-vision specialists in organizing extracurricular youth activities and providing vision rehabilitation services. adapt teaching methods and materials to meet students varying needs and interests. active participant of iep teams to set and implement goals monitor progress set next steps and maintain accurate and complete service records. encourage students with special academic and extracurricular interests to fully pursue passions. diligently completing coursework to add-on certification for teacher of the visually impaired tvi and pursue professional
__label__DESIGNER solution designer summary seeking solution designer summary seeking a planning engineer position to utilize my skills and abilities in an industry that offers security and professional growth while being resourceful innovative and flexible. highlights packages autocad 2d 3d primavera complete web client progress reporter team member m.s-office m.s-dos digital designing video editing adobe-photoshop page maker illustrator corel-draw adobe-preimere ulead video studio macromedia flash projects computer fundamentals and information technology . experience solution designer mar 2014 to current designing projects. manage all site and department specific requirements related to the projects being executed. preparing ocs wir mir. track site variations and field instructions. program updates in conjunction with schedules materials delivery status schedule/drawing status schedule and work on place at site histogram updates which form a part of the weekly monthly report. draughtsman cum site supervisor oct 2012 to jan 2014 manage all site and department specific requirements related to the projects being executed. designing projects. track site variations and field instructions. preparation of quantities and estimation from the working drawing. program updates in conjunction with schedules materials delivery status schedule/drawing status schedule and work on place at site histogram updates which form a part of the weekly monthly report. monitoring and coordinating with professional
__label__CHEF manager and executive chef manager and executive chef profile results oriented manager who thrives in fast-paced competitive environments is seeking position offering opportunities for new professional and personal challenge. self starter with a positive can-do attitude who is driven to learn and succeed. areas of expertise inventory control expense control supervision and training strong presentation skills sound judgment computer-savvy process improvement team building staff motivator business recovery and sustainability conflict resolution media marketing cost reduction budget allocation diverse management experience natural leadership staff training supervision and training skilled negotiator calm under pressure complex problem solving inventory control adaptable exceptional time management skills operations start up performance evaluations employee scheduling professional experience manager and executive chef october 2014 to current continually monitor all rochester university fraternity house kitchens and take appropriate action to ensure food quality service standards policies and sanitation standards are consistently met. assign tasks and oversee the direction of employees to ensure compliance with food safety procedures and quality control guidelines. performed kitchen walk-throughs to gauge timeliness performance and excellent service quality. monitor budgets of all rochester university chefs on campus manage and approve all inventories and budgets related to all culinary areas on campus manage plan and oversee all culinary campus
__label__ARTS marketing manager summary to marketing manager summary to use my skills knowledge and enthusiasm to advance the public image and credibility of a business-driven in a manner consistent with its existing core values. almost twenty years of experience in providing top-quality customer service office management marketing and public relations both for private corporations and non-profit organizations. this includes the ability to execute a successful event or project from vision to completion. highlights customer service-focused relationship building expert deadline-driven exceptional multi-tasker microsoft office suite expert self-directed excellent written and verbal communicator multi-media marketing experience marketing manager nov 2011 to oct 2016 drive strategic marketing planning as well as tactical execution for the 6 regions. manage marketing communications including website collateral b2b content marketing webcasts advertising proposal content digital marketing and media relations in collaboration with central marketing. build relationships with regional marketing sales and technology vendors. work with executive sales and engineer teams to run annual summit. manage marketing department staffing foster relationships with potential customers drive brand awareness and create effective sales and marketing opportunities. pursue and coordinate sponsorship speaking tradeshow and event opportunities to enhance reputation and increase exposure with target audience. manage market development funds and create events that pay for themselves.
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction superintendent professional summary construction superintendent professional summary more than 26 years in construction supervision including accurate takeoffs estimating budgeting contracting purchasing and invoicing. experience in full on-site construction management and land development effectively schedule monitor and inspect all work from mobilization to completion. work with architects engineers developers contractors inspectors officials designers. experienced in all phases of building commercial and residential. veteran superintendent well-versed in preparing and interpreting graphs charts and maps to create practical schedules for new construction projects. skills subcontractor supervision construction materials knowledge blueprint interpretation good communication skills strong team player good multi-task supervisory experience works well independently commercial site supervision prolog experience construction scheduling experienced in p3 sure track commercial construction project management skills power and hand tools computer proficient work history construction superintendent 07/2017 to current assisted in budgeting bidding and the award of subcontractors. scheduled subcontractors consultants and vendors to ensure timely completion of projects. coordinated required inspections with local jurisdictions. coordinated required inspections with local jurisdictions. followed standards and procedures to maintain safe work environment. operated wide variety of equipment including power saws sanders grinders cranes drill press forklift and basic hand tools. followed procedures to maintain work environment in a neat and orderly condition. loaded
__label__ENGINEERING chemical engineering intern objective chemical engineering intern objective statement to obtain employment as an entry level chemical engineer utilizing my current experience and education. competencies project management scheduling tools chemcad oam mes and epi structural red-line revisions skills advanced written and conversational german process piping microsoft office quality control strong presentation skills process improvement experience 05/2017 to current chemical engineering intern intern at akzonobel assigned to the columbus mississippi plant working 30-40 hours weekly in the hydrogen peroxide division. primary duties include observation of the different processes hydrogenation oxidation extraction distillation mixing and loading of peroxide and its components . updating the oam mes and oee portals daily with information from the chief technician. gathering quotes and product specifications for my two assigned projects red-lining p ids in preparation for changes within the plant and assisting with any jobs that my supervisor needs done. lead any management of change meeting regarding my projects. projects are as follows -replacing an automatic valve with a control valve on a condensate tank adding a differential pressure transmitter to control the tank level installing an orifice plate in the pipe to control the flow into the tank. responsibilities included obtaining bids for mechanical labor electrical and instrumentation labor
__label__FINANCE director of finance summary director of finance summary program manager / pmo director dynamic versatile hands-on program manager who leads teams to design and implement successful it projects that align business and it objectives and deliver rapid results project management strategic planning pmo management energetic trusted and detail-oriented senior program manager and strategic solutions provider with outstanding project management and conflict management skills. hand-picked by executive team to turn around underperforming programs accomplished leader known and respected for leading successful change in projects and building credibility with executive teams and staff. solutions driver who bridges the gap between business and technology with expertise in managing complex programs and multiple concurrent projects. directs pmo teams to develop high-quality programs that solve business problems and provide tangible results for enterprise-level financial systems and legacy workflow systems. conflict management turnaround operations staffing resource management risk issue management financial modeling analysis agile waterfall methodologies cost/benefit analysis change management stakeholder management accomplishments senior financial analyst / it project / program consultant business case management sarbanes-oxley process improvement directed it financial planning and analysis for a 120-million department--developed business cases mitigated risks and managed forecasting operations and budgets. led all it audits for sarbanes-oxley documentation and testing as well process
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career overview vidya consultant career overview vidya is a graduate in computer science with over 9 years of professional experience in customer relationship management in roles of solution architect functional analyst process and implementation consultant for large customers in pharmaceutical chemical consumer and industry product public sector industry in the united states. excellent networking and communication skills client relationship management expectation management and people management are her core strengths along with customer relationship management. her understanding of industry and processes ability to connect with different levels of the organizations with equal ease combined with the integrity and passion is what she brings to the work place. vidya started her career at adapt one technologies in business consulting working across different industry sectors. in september 2010 she moved to deloitte consulting llp in crm consultant role in the us which provided her with a wealth of experience as well as exposure across the entire business application proposals consulting and project management disciplines. qualifications big machines configuration siebel tools 8.1.1.10 siebel administration escript vbscript and java script vb sql ms excel word and power point access. work experience september 2010 to march 2015 consultant client-healthcare who specializes in supplying health information technology solutions led the
__label__CONSULTANT sr. consultant professional summary sr. consultant professional summary a dedicated versatile and results-driven professional with 20+ years of it experience. a proven track record with ability to work well with others to achieve common goals resolve conflicts and manage external relationships. demonstrates leadership skills by a track record of achievements and contributing to a positive work environment while motivating others to accomplish goals themselves. highly self-motivated self-directed and attentive to detail. ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. extensive experience working in a team-oriented and collaborative environment. ability to solve problems with the available information prioritizing and making timely decisions. outstanding project and program leader able to coordinate and oversee all phases of project-based efforts. strong analytical and decision making skills. core qualifications software/application mvs sysplex environment tso ispf jcl jes2 sdsf ims db2 ops/mvs rexx thruput manager workload manager automate sysview omegamon remedy omegaview cics strobe rmf sms unix java scripts windows 9x/nt microsoft office suite outlook word excel onenote powerpoint and project unix sun solaris snmp ibm/aix tivoli tsm ca-1 ca-7 autosys esp ca-de control-m control-em zeke zebb zack jobtrac scheduler candle monitor workstation robot scheduler netview xptr java scripting tcp/ip hardware bm rxx zxx processors sun processor
__label__ADVOCATE lead pharmacy technician advocate lead pharmacy technician advocate - supervisor experience lead pharmacy technician advocate - supervisor june 2005 to current assist pharmacist in provision of pharmaceutical care by reviewing collecting and entering data used by pharmacists. directly supervise the pharmacy technicians to keep a constant flow. accountable for managing the day to day activities of the technician staff scheduling technicians and providing staff development. under the supervision of a licensed pharmacist i assist in the various activities of the pharmacy department such as maintaining functions in accordance with standard written procedures and enter prescriptions in nrx program. prepare pharmaceuticals for dispensing to patients by compounding products combining several ingredients after review of calculations and measurements by a licensed pharmacist as needed. assist business pharmacy manager with daily drug orders for all accounts over the counter pharmacy retail and 340b. assist in inventory control reconcile receiving and checking in orders as requested. stock medication on shelves rotation of stock check for outdated medications and process returns. answer multi line phones register patients and deliver superb customer service. case management and advocate on behalf of the patient to promptly and effectively order medications from pharmaceutical companies. conduct patient intake interview and applications upon applying. assist
__label__BANKING banking officer professional summary banking officer professional summary l an adaptable and responsible it savvy seeking an mid-level position in the finance technology or fintech market. l ba in economics with a master s degree in management and my current job as a banking officer has provided me with a well-rounded background and enabled me to develop an analytical/logical approach to tasks software skills and the ability to work under pressure. l talented director of finance with one-year background in sponsorship fundraising and private event planning. skilled in devising marketing plans to promote venues and events services. proven history of building business through personal and professional networking. skills nmls # 1796859 business development expertise project management confluence jira salesforce sql sales professional financial analysis strategic plans google g suite keynote microsoft office technology-savvy accounting recruitment banking sales budget sql business development strategic credit strategic plans client website decision-making articles documentation due diligence finance financial financial analysis financial statements mandarin marketing sstrategy marketing market marketing collateral money microsoft office mortgage originator newsletters pos presentations pricing strategy producer project management public relations purchasing real estate work history banking officer 10/2018 to current analyzed customer profiles to identify appropriate products and provide value-added approaches to client issues.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS senior account manager professional senior account manager professional summary skills administrative administrative support budget business operations clients customer service senior management fashion inventory logistics managing marketing meetings office negotiating pr pricing reporting sales supervision unique work history senior account manager 03/2015 to 11/2020 dynamic professional with experience enhancing executive productivity and improving business operations. results-driven and operates well with minimal supervision to meet demanding objectives. seeking to apply unique abilities as an executive assistant or related position at drunk elephant where professional experience will be effectively utilized with the opportunity for advancement. managed daily business operations for the qvc account including allocations inventory purchase orders sales reporting analysis qvc digital business and on-air show production. public relations coordinator 09/2012 to 03/2015 identified and implemented the s pr marketing and special event activities at store-level by collaborating with management and vendors to maximize event strategies. created detailed run-of-show for seamless flow of events and executed all logistics. actively managed the pr budget and cut cost by negotiating pricing with vendors while maintaining relationships. marketing assistant 07/2006 to 08/2012 planned and executed all store-level events including fashion productions sales promotions charity partnerships and new customer acquisition. liaised between all impacted departments and vendors to ensure proper
__label__ADVOCATE court appointed special advocate court appointed special advocate summary financial professional who is a self-starter and capable of effectively functioning with minimum supervision. known for taking initiative and skilled at meeting challenges and deadlines. a team player who is attentive to detail and produces quality results. computer proficient. areas of expertise include analysis accounts payable/payroll microsoft office written and verbal communications detail oriented multi tasking organization/prioritizing data entry highlights strategic and financial planning expert process implementation staff leadership and development strength in financial planning account reconciliations customer relations word powerpoint access excel microsoft office facebook twitter accomplishments provided suggestions and helped to develop a formal plan for the reconstruction of a local bloomington restaurant. experience january 2015 to current court appointed special advocate reviewed documents and records interviewed the children family members and professionals in their lives. provided written reports at court hearings. advocated for the child s best interests and provided testimony when necessary. helped the child understand the court proceedings. ensured that the children and their family are receiving appropriate services and advocated for those that are not immediately available. bring concerns about the child s health education mental health etc. to the appropriate professionals. monitored case plans and court orders checked
__label__CHEF chef executive profile accomplished chef executive profile accomplished personal chef committed to culinary excellence quality ingredients and personalized service seeking to add his extensive culinary skill and knowledge of nutrition and health to best serve the needs of every person he cooks for. skill highlights classically trained chef proficient in all facets of food production attention to detail cleanliness and diligence to prevent any possibility of cross contamination extensive knowledge of nutrition and various specialty diets proven ability to manage daily culinary operations for multiple households with changing needs and demands expertise with various forms of protocol and table service appropriate to a multitude of settings able to shop and manage acquisition of specialty foods and foods which are maximally nutrient dense communicates effectively and values discretion and privacy wine and liquor inventory and management professional experience 10/2004 to 07/2016 chef maintained daily culinary operations of multiple local properties cooking for private client and multiple guests in multiple homes. utilized in-depth knowledge of nutrition communicated with healthcare professionals to optimize nutrition for desired health outcomes. acquired and utilized extensive knowledge of medicinal herbs their uses. engaged in broad study of and customization of specialty diets. created private label specialty products including mustards hot sauces
__label__TEACHER teacher interests rangoli dance teacher interests rangoli dance los angeles ca lead/post-graduate dancer 2004 - present graduated with a solo dance debut and performed in over 15+ large scale productions worked alongside world-renowned dancers from india and the united states lead the through matters involving choreography and aesthetics as a senior dancer expanded my knowledge on the indian culture while simultaneously bringing awareness to it by performing at schools temples and events for companies including disney received the rangoli artistic merit award in 2016 for progress in dance training and performance karnataka cultural association of southern california long beach ca vice president of youth committee and volunteer sep 2010 - present volunteered at religious community and fundraising events as a committee member emceed shows such as the annual children s day drama festival and indian new year event. organized 10+ fundraisers including book clothes and toys drive water bottle collection walk-a-thons etc. participated in plays performances and international shows to fundraise for the organization received community service award in 2016 for participation and time spent volunteering lakeview senior center irvine ca vice president of volunteer group sep 2012 - june 2016 assisted in care of the elderly in terms of dietary and medical needs
__label__DESIGNER project designer summary team-oriented project designer summary team-oriented and client-focused civil engineer with 16 years of experience who designs environmentally-conscious and cost-effective public infrastructure solutions. dedicated job title with excellent technical analytical and communication skills demonstrated by number years of experience. highlights team player organized/ detail-oriented microstation/geopak design software corridor modeling design software autocad civil 3d erosion and sedimentation control highway design project management ms office word excel powerpoint quality control accomplishments microstation software utilization produced drawings and maintained archived and retrieved cad files and drawing documents for the completion of four commercial projects. presentations created presentation materials for sales customer relations and management purposes. c add training supervised and trained associate drafters. organized and delegated projects according to co-workers abilities. experience project designer 10/2001 to 01/2014 roadway and highway design including new alignments reconstruction widening rehabilitation and retro-fit projects for agencies such as kdot modot and local municipalities in the kansas metro area. my responsibilities include developing typical sections setting horizontal and vertical alignments creating cross sections setting right-of-way and temporary easements traffic control plan erosion control plan addressing drainage issues calculating quantities preparing engineer s estimate attending public meetings qcqa and preparing project specifications. advised the project manager regarding construction material costs
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development summary customer service based marketer and administrative professional with hands on experience in sales marketing and operations. known for being knowledgeable and supportive while providing clear and sincere communication. dependable b usiness development expert with 4 + years as a top sales performer in medical market. highlights communication problem solver strategic planning account management business development sales accomplishments sales surpassed all sales goals by 25 for east valley region. raised west valley region by 50 client interface collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development. increased working network in territory to enhance sales performance. finical analyst increased cost-effectiveness by 20 through compliance enforcement and implementation of a new quality control system. experience june 2015 to may 2016 director of business development strategic marketing exceed budget goals by 150 . network of supporting physicians and case managers. recruit in-house physicians from referring hospitals. optimize financial reimbursement. led a team of six sales marketing representatives. internal operations. contract negotiations. june 2014 to june 2015 physician relations and education/marketing liaison create and sustain strong relationships with referral sources. clinically reviewed referrals for placement. market to physicians case managers and patient families to inform
__label__AVIATION aviation mechanic highlights technical aviation mechanic highlights technical proficiencies ms office excel outlook powerpoint word accomplishments quality-focused manager with of experience driving maintenance programs projects and operations to keep fleets of fixed and rotor-wing aircraft at top performance. recognized for technical administrative leadership and communication skills highly adept at motivating and directing teams to meet production schedules and goals in fast-tempo environments with shifting priorities and requirements. current secret security clearance experience august 2010 to current aviation mechanic orchestrate aircraft maintenance activity across 12 work centers supervising 200+ technicians in testing troubleshooting and upkeep of aircraft and engine subsystems on both fixed and rotor-wing models. direct organizational-level and intermediate-level maintenance programs implement policies improve processes and provide technical supervision and management control of programs impacting aircraft maintenance activities. drive production quality control and administrative audits collect analyze and interpret test data to provide senior leadership with crucial guidance for improving operational efficiency and performance. key contributions established schedules organized workloads and led multi-functional team to meet aggressive production timelines. completed 2 200 maintenance actions to keep seven h-60r/s helicopters three p-8a and two e-2d aircraft at peak airworthiness and operational readiness. supervised all aspects of maintenance including calibration repair and replacement of damaged or
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT head of business development head of business development summary experienced business development and brand marketing executive with proven track record of success managing innovative and complex marketing partnerships. skilled problem solver with a unique background and proven ability to thrive in fast-paced work environments. superior interpersonal and stakeholder management skills. skills microsoft word excel powerpoint keynote sengrid facebook advertising instagram twitter facebook analytics comfortable with all google suite products + google analytics comfortable providing recommendations on basic elements of design experience head of business development 07/2016 to current a 500 startups . lead planning development and implementation of business development and marketing initiatives for a venture backed early stage start-up in the marketplace + technology sector. development on all aspects of the business including decision making strategy product market alignment and customer acquisition. analyze key metrics data and insights from marketing partnership and paid marketing campaigns and iterate accordingly analytically and critically provide solutions and recommendations. create and conceptualize all aspects of the business development process including sales funnel procedures sales collateral follow-up process video call procedures and scripts. leverage previous brand and agency relationships to help expand the scope of the business in the sports and entertainment space drive business metrics such as
__label__HEALTHCARE certified nursing assistant summary certified nursing assistant summary experienced administrative assistant iii offering 21 years of experience in medical business office operations. proactive leader with strengths in communication leveraging office professionalism phone etiquette proof-reads and audits case reports oversees daily spreadsheets and providing consultation and organization ofdaily workflow. dedicated in high-volume office environment that focus on delivering exceptional clerical and operational support for medical and hospital staff professionals. abilities to cultivate positive rapport among clients staff and management. meticulous with demonstrated success in process improvements and procedural adherence in prioritizing workflow to achieve daily work objectives. a tech-savvy individual with in-depth knowledge of cerner and microsoft office software programs. well-versed in managing office supplies equipment inventory paperwork and project needs. experience - certified nursing assistant 01/1999 - 03/1999 fostered relationships with patients caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets. conducted routine checks on standard patient vitals including blood pressure blood sugar and heart rate. assisted patients with shaving bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness. documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding. - certified nursing assistant 04/1999 - 04/2000 responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment. collaborated with interdisciplinary
__label__FITNESS recreation sports coordinator objective recreation sports coordinator objective to gain a recreation supervisor position so that i can provide support to professional and part time staff. i am looking for the opportunity to guide day to day operations of high quality community recreation facilities. i hope to provide the type of support and management conducive to a healthy work environment so that all staff can not only complete their roles responsibilities but also provide a facility that runs efficiently and offers exceptional service to members. qualifications acsm exercise physiologist trx qualified instructor personal trainer aha cpr/aed first aid experience recreation sports coordinator 03/2015 to current assisted in daily supervision and administration of facility and interacted with members to ensure programs were carried out in a safe and effective manner. planned organized and implemented recreation leagues and events throughout the calendar year. supervised recreation programs resolving any issues or disputes that may arise. enforced safety and administered first aid to participants when required. assisted supervisor in developing budget and developed innovative ways to increase revenue. responsible for financial transactions including daily cash deposits and purchasing responsibilities including maintaining a purchasing card and receipt of sale. senior health fitness specialist contractor 02/2013 to 03/2015 developed and
__label__ADVOCATE vice president executive profile vice president executive profile accomplished at building and sustaining outstanding teams. creates a team vision that supports the organizational vision. skilled at turning teams into industry leading teams and developing team members into outstanding performers. develops innovative approaches to providing high quality cost-effective service that exceed customer expectations. skilled author and speaker with numerous articles appearing in national business journals and multiple presentations at national conferences. core accomplishments attended chime college of healthcare information management executives cio boot camp october 2008. attended the edge program the executive development and growth experience program presented by baylor health care system talent planning in partnership with southern methodist university cox executive education. graduated may 2010. information on numerous additional educational programs attended available upon request. available upon request. professional experience march 2003 to july 2014 vice president chair of united way mental health and counseling grant panel 2009 vice-chair of access to jobs panel 2010 2011 2012 selected publications selected speaking engagements building a clinical engineering department from the ground up cover story biomedical instrumentation technology november/december 1999 co-authored with larry hertzler vice president with aramark healthcare technologies candidate wanted how to find the right match for your department cover story biomedical instrumentation
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician summary work engineering technician summary work as engineering technician on fault isolation area saving medical devices from electrical failures that could be reworked at site depend the electrical failures. delivering 1 200 per each device that can be saved at site. implement new electrical test location that affect yield per site medical devices and machinery that cost 5k each equipment. reducing electrical disposition and operator overtime work. experience engineering technician january 2013 to current work as an engineering technician on fault isolation area that involves electrical disposition of medical devices that fails on different electrical test on the manufacturing process. preventive and corrective maintenance of equipment as electrical tester machinery and equipment that are involve on manufacturing process. develop documentation as iq oq pq iqp ppq and others documents to validate new electrical machinery that arrives to the site. troubleshoot medical devices that fail daily on electrical process operating customs software developed by the power supply pico amp meter source meter dmm digital phosphor oscilloscope and custom software. first article inspection for new fixture that arrive at site. installation and operational qualification protocol of 3 new different electrical testers. monthly preventive and corrective maintenance of electrical testers and troubleshooting electronic circuit boards
__label__CHEF room chef summary motivated room chef summary motivated personable professional with broad range of food and beverage experience as well as experience with some of the world s leading hotel management companies in customer service and guest relations. very quick learner and great when performing alone or with a team. flexible and versatile very organized and eager to anticipate challenges at a higher level. highlights sous vide technique contemporary sauce work food handlers card focused and disciplined high volume production capability well-tuned palette focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity scheduling proficiencystandard operating procedures problem resolution deadline-oriented microsoft office spreadsheet development employee training and development safety-oriented superior communication skills team player conflict resolution skilled multi-tasker excellent judgment adaptable organized fast learner staff training and development data management pos systems scheduling accomplishments nominated/awarded group leader at the culinary institute of america experience room chef may 2014 to september 2015 responsible for the daily operations of kitchens for both casual dining restaurant and fine dining steakhouse as well as management of the steakhouse front of house operations. experience includes scheduling payroll and overall management of 20+ employees training and development creating seasonal menus inventories purchasing and receiving and assisting in the organization and delegation
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant experience june senior accountant experience june 2011 to current senior accountant prepare quarterly and annual financial statements for 17 multi-family communities for distribution to investors and financial institutions. reconcile and account for all activity on the income statement and balance sheet including cash fixed assets derivatives equity and property debt. coordinate and review work of external audit firms. initiate capital calls and distributions for investors. manage budgets and construction loan activity for approximately 100 000 000 in active construction projects in fl ma and md. march 2010 to june 2011 associate fund controller performed quarterly and annual close procedures for msref morgan stanley real estate funds 6i the largest international real estate investment fund to date with 8 billion of partnership assets and draft financial statements distributed directly to fund investors. lead quarterly management fee process by performing work to draft approximately 14 000 000 in bills to fund partners. develop work plan to ensure deadlines are met test results delegate work to other fund controllers and perform detailed review of their work. lead msref 6i initiative to implement reinvestment of proceeds rop methodology to reallocate approximately 120 000 000 in cash to-date amongst investments with deficient cash balances to cover contributions
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY senior vice-president and chief senior vice-president and chief information officer core accomplishments strategized with various areas of business to develop a proof of concept with an international financial headed by a world-renowned nobel peace prize winner to establish the principle of micro-lending for low income immigrant families professional experience senior vice-president and chief information officer 01/2009 to current industry expert in a wide variety of technology systems business applications and it service management. primary focus network security and it operational management using the fundamentals of scalar design/architecture and business process improvement. create living technology that supports strategic vision and goals as well as growing customer needs. instituted a technology roadmap to guide the it department with proper business alignment to create measurable efficient and sustainable technology for goodwill s various business verticals - retail and ecommerce employment and contracts mission services. outsourced selected portions of the it process to facilitate the development of additional operational efficiencies to improve the technology infrastructure. designed and collaborated with architects engineers and industry technology leaders in the build and operation of second generation data centers and collocated sites. designed a business continuity strategy that incorporates all critical aspects of the business to ensure the business remains solvent in
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing coordinator professional summary marketing coordinator professional summary marketing coordinator offering 10 years experience. capable and focused on delivering high quality service. proactive team player and coaching abilities. excellent attention to details. well organized and self-motivated. focus on process improvement. strong time management skills and ability to work under pressure meet tight timelines and manage multiple tasks simultaneously. skilled at developing and maintaining effective communication channels with clients peers and administrative staff. skills marketing plan media plan budgeting advertising public relations strategic communications brand management events management public relations campaign public relations writing publicity retail promotions time management proofreading advertising newsletter agency organizing brand management organizational brochures presentations budgets pr budget press releases budgeting pricing competitive producing content profit contract negotiation project management database promotional materials management proofreading special events public relations graphics public inventory relations logistics publicity marketing strategies research marketing plan retail marketing sales market strategy marketing communications strategic marketing and communications time management materials trade shows media relations translation meetings web pages news releases work history marketing coordinator 02/2017 to current puerto rico coordinate and implement monthly us promotional circulars adaptations to pr market by do translation pricing and audit report. implement marketing and advertising campaigns. translate and adapt corporate material
__label__HEALTHCARE cna in skilled healthcare cna in skilled healthcare professional background i am looking to further my career using my knowledge and skills obtained in the healthcare industry over the past eleven years. i feel i could contribute to any where i may be employed by utilizing the training skills and experience i have acquired. skill highlights adl s vitals i/o caretracker documentation positioning gait belt sliding board transfer mechanical lifts accomplishments trained new employees at redstone highlands. geriatric course. cna certification. excellent communication skills. associates degree from the art institute. diploma in computer technology plus classes in computer systems electronics technology and web design at westmoreland county community college. professional experience 10/2014 to current cna in skilled healthcare provided primary resident care and assistance with daily living activities. provided caring companionship to elderly and developmentally disabled patients. worked as part of team to execute proper care of body mechanics and safety of patient. obtained vitals for a floor of 25 patients per shift maintained patient privacy and confidential patient information. monitored patients with acute conditions. 04/2013 to 12/2013 cna in skilled healthcare assisted patients with multiple chronic diagnoses including copd and asthma. supported patients with customized patient teaching tools. maintained patient privacy and confidential
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS operations manager career overview operations manager career overview experienced and enthusiastic management professional with strong analytical organizational and problem solving skills. successful in overall operations in a fast paced environment with an in-depth knowledge of sales operations finance and customer service. areas of expertise operations management effective leader staff development complex problem solving inventory control calm under pressure sound judgment supervision and training professional experience september 2014 to current operations manager mentored coached and trained all new reception team members. boosted efficiency through streamlined reporting processes. created and maintained schedules for 8 departments. responsible for all payroll processes. consulted with the it department and oversaw the launch training and implementation of new salon software. responsible for all financial reporting to the accounting department. directly managed the salon s operations coordinator and maintenance team. worked to maintain inventory levels and reduce overall shrink in the retail aspect of the business. september 2010 to september 2014 salon manager managed team of 18 professionals. directed strategic initiatives to achieve projected monthly sales goals. coordinated and oversaw all day-to-day business operations inclusive of ordering of supplies payroll facility maintenance and schedules. reduced and controlled expenses by adhering to budgets and researching and applying cost effective alternatives. surpassed revenue
__label__BANKING mortgage banking research specialist mortgage banking research specialist summary my goal is to obtain a career associated with a where i can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the s brand and reputation. highlights 5+ years of leadership as a supervisor/manager customer escalation management executive office complaint handling resolution project management facilities management 10+ years of call center environment mortgage default originations loss mitigation non-is auditing escalation resolution auditing compliance regulatory quality and control accomplishments i created the ems audit training guide which is used to trained new auditors and used as a refresher for existing auditors i assisted in the implementation of the qc review process for the ems eo analyst qc submissions and the compliance review stage for customer direct written complaint responses. i have maintained a rating of exceeds in all monthly and annually departmental goals and measurements experience 02/2010 to current mortgage banking research specialist previous positions held collector iii shortsale solicitor loss mitigation rep customer assistance escalations specialist cart audit group sr. lead operations specialist i currently provide feedback guidance and direction to 30+ agents in texas and arizona offices on a daily basis. i review and research executive office complaint responses for compliance and regulatory
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary business development manager talent acquisition specialist equipped with the excellent negotiation skills market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success. motivated bdm recruiter adept at business prospect research product promotion and account expansion in the information technology it market. business development analyst skilled at advising large corporations on business logistics including talent acquisition retention and operational efficiency with major projects meeting deadlines. business development expert with 5+ years as a top sales performer in in the staffing/recruiting services market. comfortable with new ideas innovative products and start-up environments. skilled at establishing and maintaining strategic partnerships to generate essential business opportunities. business development professional experienced in sales management marketing technical presentation creation and service training. business development manager versed in building strategic partnerships through persuasion negotiation and personal presence.business development professional successful at acquiring expanding and managing key corporate accounts. highlights fortune 500 partner experience excellent sales techniques national account management top-ranked sales executive fluent in spanish excellent communicator contract review cold calling adept multi-tasker work force management analytical problem solver s martsearch jobdiva maxhire sugar crm systems expert experience 09/2015 to current business development manager - increased monthly sales
__label__AVIATION aviation electronics technician summary aviation electronics technician summary seeking a challenging position where my existing skills and experience contribute to your while expanding my technical abilities. highlights proficient with maintenance tracking software prezi and microsoft office programs such as word excel powerpoint outlook adobe access auto cad commercial multi-engine and single-engine pilot airline dispatcher certified faa class 1 medical matlab labview experience 01/2013 to 01/2015 used the instructional design process to plan and develop online courses in partnership with faculty smes then building courses using a standardized template in the blackboard lms environment. utilized a variety of technology tools including canvas blackboard respondus studymate turnitin snagit camtasia html and others to create instructional media. facilitated in the transfer and development of online courses from blackboard lms to canvas lms. collaborated with remote faculty to prepare high-quality interactive online courses for academic and non-credit delivery. conducted quality assurance reviews of courses and other instructional materials edited and organized electronic information to create high-quality course content that is suited to the adult online learner. worked with blackboard system administrators to troubleshoot issues with online courses in the lms system prepare for system upgrades by testing the lms on staging servers. 01/2008 to current aviation electronics technician
__label__ENGINEERING equipment engineering technician professional equipment engineering technician professional summary skilled maintenance mechanic technician with superb problem solving and multi-tasking skills. self-directed and motivated worker. to obtain a position where teamwork integrity and proffesionalism are a high standard in the s mission statement. all while engaing in new challenges and learning experiences. skills 20 years of material management experience with and federal government 13 years of law enforcement experience with the united states marine corps and army national guard. knowledge of mechanical test equipment. work from written/verbal instructions schematics rough sketches troubleshooting diagrams layouts and plans interpretation and application of technical knowledge and understanding of mechanical theory and principles. proficient in the use of pc s ms office 10key by touch and customer service skills. forklift and crane certified self motivated to lead and achieve goals with excellence integrity and efficiency. ndt level ii knowledge on mechanical pneumatic and hydraulic theory and principles work history equipment engineering technician 05/2014 to current responsibility for designing/selecting robotic systems run simulation implementation commission and programming. support and assist maintenance team in troubleshooting difficult breakdowns and chronic equipment failures. conduct the installation of factory automation and electrical control systems for manufacturing equipment provide troubleshooting of electrical systems in plant
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology profile summar y applying technology and workflow solutions to business challenges is exciting for me because i love to learn and apply new lessons and approaches to support and enhance the organization to achieve its goals and mission. core qualifications c# oracle sql oracle information management sql server sql plus tfs sharepoint sharepoint designer database design database administration data management asp.net team leadership iis pl/sql ado.net tactical planning application development web applications it strategy microsoft sql server software development agile methodologies requirements analysis sdlc xml information technology sql software project management project management analysis business intelligence leadership professional experience director of information technology 11/2012 to 08/2015 provided application and network support services for the msba. the msba is a small quasi-public authority who financially assists school districts in their school building projects. my group maintains a rackspace hosted asp.net solution tied to sql server. i had all the hardware and software refreshed as well as bringing the development group up to sql server tfs and vs 2012. i personally rewrote their utility and security library from vb.net to c# and added many more classes to support more static helper functions. i also developed an architecture based
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager summary information technology manager summary dedicated it manager well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. excels at boosting performance and productivity by establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines. highlights operations management project tracking performance criteria tracking waterfall framework scrum methodology enterprise platforms salary structure/compensation analysis calm under pressure compensation/benefits administration staff development client communication experience information technology manager 03/2013 to current managed a four-person local it team allocating resources to ongoing projects and enforcing deadlines. drove business kpis through rapid iteration of customer-facing product features. leveraged in-depth understanding of end-to-end customer experience to identify pain points and latent customer needs. collaborated with the global team to resolve it support cases. build and maintain a staff of five terminate for cause one employee. create and audit processes interlocking with other teams adjust as required. manage travel and budget for staff on-site visits. ownership of saas customers in north america canada and australia. defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks. executed proof of concept implementations to validate product feasibility. it administrator 06/2011 to 03/2013 designed and delivered mission critical infrastructure to ensure the highest levels of availability performance and security. maintained security backup and redundancy strategies. ownership of it
__label__DESIGNER product and web designer product and web designer summary my career of 34 years includes the graphic art field fine arts and elementary art teacher. my personal evolution and vision helps me to know that i possess truth talent and ability that is unique and highly creative. i have always known that art was my life path and i seek to share in ways that apply to the world today in innovative ways. the mission to work with a team as designer or in some capacity where my creativity and thinking outside the box can be utilized best. to provide graphic expressions that convey the best message whether it be print or web presentation . my many years of experience affords me depth of knowledge in the arts fields hands on and i intend to use this knowledge for future endeavors as freelance designer. my offerings i focus on using my creative energy and experience as a graphic artist skilled in a variety of designs logos and marketing packages designed to strengthen business competence.. i am a visual designer with an aptitude for experimental projects. my design skills are unique i utilize the basic elements of design color line shape space texture and value
__label__APPAREL document controller contract position document controller contract position summary dedicated and technically skilled business professional with a versatile administrative support skill set developed through experience as an office manager customer service representative administrative assistant and buyer highlights office management team building supervision staff development training policies procedures manuals report document preparation spreadsheet database creation accounts payable / receivable bookkeeping payroll records management meeting event planning inventory management expense reduction experience document controller contract position april 2016 to may 2016 administration of the document control system. ensure the accuracy of the change orders including but not limited to documentation revisions and required approvers. examine documents to verify compliance completeness and accuracy of data. control document database of all documentation that will allow secure document retention and corresponding files. perform clerical duties to generate documents as necessary. support continuous improvement activities in terms of process and system improvement. prepare graphs charts and presentations using ms programs and other software to support the qa/ra leadership team. contribute to team effort by accomplishing related inquires as needed. perform a variety of tasks and duties as may be assigned by quality management. rental coordinator august 2013 to december 2015 assist in daily rental operations in accordance with established operating
__label__DESIGNER multimedia designer and graphic multimedia designer and graphic designer portfolio www.artisterymedia.wix.com/creativeflow summary a hardworking focused and determined artist looking to obtain a full-time position as a graphic designer. technical skills adobe photoshop adobe after effects adobe illustrator adobe indesign adobe premiere adobe dream weaver sketchbook pro intermediate html coding microsoft word windows troubleshooting calculator printer fax machine etc microsoft word microsoft powerpoint accomplishments 2014 civic engagement cover design winner graphic design experience multimedia designer and graphic designer sep 2015 to may 2016 worked on branding and logo design for the office as well as inside designing of templates for the office s online services. consulted with clients on poster designs for their conferences and presentations to their leadership boards. graphic designer/ promoter jun 2014 to current helped the management team with future events and promotional tactics along with designing promotional materials and designed flyer s. freelance graphic designer jul 2013 to current created graphics for pamphlets banners screen graphics and web graphics for the church. helped with film design and created after effects bumps for message series. free lance digital/graphic designer aug 2009 to current freelance designed for networked clients upon request. education bachelor s of fine arts b.f.a digital art design 2016 towson
__label__AVIATION aviation safety assistant career aviation safety assistant career overview receive telephone calls give routine and non-routine information answer questions and direct calls and visitors to appropriate person or office. receive and control internal/external correspondence for congress and commissioners as well as suspense items routing materials directly to the appropriate person or office for action. prepare and type a variety of correspondence reports forms requisitions requests for personnel actions and legal documents using personal computer. reviewing for grammar and syntax according to established policies prior to routing final copies for signature. determine deadlines and offer suggestions concerning actions to be taken. organize and maintain official files records manuals handbooks and other data both manual and electronic. maintain supervisor s calendar schedule appointments and meetings/conferences prepare notes regarding topics to be discussed. make travel arrangements and prepare travel vouchers. serves as purchase card holder for business unit responsible for procuring supplies and materials balancing and reconciling credit card statements and invoices to ensure accuracy. collecting retrieving and consolidating responses from program managers to be used for reporting. documenting and tracking commitments on behalf of program managers and business units to ensure the deadlines/time frames are met. timekeeper for employees under the supervision of director. utilizes office
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary a detail accountant summary a detail oriented efficient accountant that excels in managing multiple tasks in fast paced environments. a proven track record in meeting deadlines streamlining processes and promoting a positive work environment. articulate communicator known for delivering excellent customer service both internally and externally. self-motivated team player who demonstrates a high level of quality work and professionalism education bachelor of science accounting and information management university of texas at dallas bachelor of arts psychology university of texas at dallas highlights account reconciliation expert financial modeling variance analysis corporate g a and cogs accounting cash forecasting capitalization and fixed assets analytical reasoning effective time management superior research skills intermediate excel skills including pivot tables and v-lookups inventory accounting computer skills netsuite quickbooks cognos impromptu jdedwards as400 sage fas fixed assets bna fixed assets businessobjects crystal reports currently sap crystal reports hyperion essbase experience accountant 12/2012 to current compile and analyze financial information to prepare financial statements to be distributed internally and externally reconcile bank accounts to general ledger on a monthly basis manage fixed assets ensuring all assets that meet our threshold are input accurately and depreciated properly analyze inventory expense and assets accounts research and resolve discrepancies in coordination with
__label__CONSULTANT leasing consultant executive summary leasing consultant executive summary dedicated leasing consultant highly skilled in conflict resolution and customer relations. my main focus is satisfying tenants and maintaining high occupancy rates all while reporting any major issues to property owners and taking the initiative to find workable solutions. i am a q uality-focused leasing consultant who genuinely cares about property conditions resident satisfaction and fulfilling property owner needs. education high school diploma june 2010 bethel high school member of the drill team member of color guard with bhs marching band graduated with the second highest rank in the jrotc program bachelor of arts psychology 2016 virginia wesleyan college major in psychology minor in business introduction to business coursework coursework in business management and administration coursework in organizational development coursework accounting core qualifications skilled multi-tasker team player microsoft office knowledge of leasing and market conditions decisive personable fast learner fair housing mandates flexible schedule interests volunteered with homeless shelter at virginia wesleyan college volunteered with neighborhood tutoring at virginia wesleyan college community service for chkd with my class at virginia wesleyan college volunteered at my church in hampton va sixth mount zion baptist temple portfolio program. skills communication skills computer literate credit addressing customer concerns people
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant skills quickbooks sage accountant skills quickbooks sage lacerte and intuit proseries well-rounded on the applications and functions microsoft suite word advanced excel formulas vlookups pivot tables and data analysis management access intermediate outlook advanced power pivot and powerpoint intermediate calbench fasb gaap standards accounting standards codification and sarbanes-oxley sox sections generally accepted auditing standards gaas/sas no. experience accountant january 2016 to current responsible for both cash and accrual basis accounting for cash receipts a/r a/p notes payable interest payable unearned revenues legal services revenues expenses office supplies insurance worker s compensation health accidental and disability payroll processing petty cash reconciliation of discrepancies of bank and credit card transactions and escrow accounting record the appropriate trial balance adjustments including the analysis of the relevant accounts perform financial statement analysis in the evaluation of business operations in the preparation of financial statements resolved of tax issues notices engagements in compliance of irs regulations procedures and codes filing federal and corporate tax returns form1120s irs ct-3-s/ct-34-sh nys futa suta generate quarterly payroll tax returns forms 941 irs nys-45/nys-45-att nys per requisite during the calendar year along with the payroll tax accounting procedures. retail and wholesale clothing merchandiser accounting assistant february 2015 to january 2016 oversaw a/r
__label__SALES center sales summary results-oriented center sales summary results-oriented customer service manager with diverse background in management and customer service. dedicated to providing excellent customer service and making operational and procedural improvements. highlights leadership skills team management meticulous attention to detail and superb time management skills persuasive skilled multi-tasker scheduling deadline-oriented focused on customer satisfaction conflict resolution techniques client relations specialist results-oriented exceptional motivational skills effective agent coaching techniques staff development and training sound judgment computer-savvy calm under pressure complex problem solving process and productivity improvement natural leader organized unsurpassed work ethic experience center sales 11/2016 to current answering incoming calls and helping customers with reservations storage payments or any other questions they have. identifying prospective customers using lead generating methods and setting up reservations for various pieces of equipment. field an average of 5 0 customer service calls per day. recommend and help customers select merchandise based on their needs. serve as liaison between customers store personnel and various store departments. confirm that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers problems with reservations. inform customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner. processed up to 30 customer orders per day. track down sources of special products and services to meet customers
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager professional summary engineering manager professional summary experienced product development engineer and manager able to collaborate with cross functional team as well as customers and sales to bring brand new offerings to new markets. skilled at managing cross functional team for continuous improvements and meeting project deadlines. offering 6 years of experience in the field. skills microsoft office microsoft project product development quality research six sigma green belt solid works visio prioritization personnel management critical thinking skills team management analyst visio agency consulting cost analysis critical thinking designing dialysis direction develop drug functional iia iso leadership market and development microsoft office microsoft project personnel management design process product development product management quality researching research sales six sigma solid works team management validation work history engineering manager 03/2018 to current create and maintain technical files per mdr requirements as well as attaining 510k on legacy products. assess testing gaps of legacy products and design creep. experienced in working with multiple departments. experienced in training and leading engineers in order to investigate field complaints gap analysis and building technical files/dhf. experienced in leading team of engineers to lead all aspects of design process including regulatory needs per market and development per design control. tasked to
__label__TEACHER teacher summary education professional teacher summary education professional driven to create an environment that promotes hands-on learning for children at all stages of the learning process. highlights microsoft office smart board geographic information system engrade skedula working knowledge of internet first aid and cpr certified excellent classroom management accomplishments counseling developed and implemented the fairness committee which is a restitution process run by students to help resolve peer issues in a positive non-judgmental environment served as student mentor and counselor for students when academic problems and personal adjustments arose meeting with guardians to reach solutions. plan development monitored and facilitated weekly meeting of student council instructed and advised on leadership skills incorporated a trip to ramapo for children to help instill those leadership qualities. developed a student-based constitution and ensured its implementation. oversaw all student government issues. coordinated with the cosa teacher to plan and implement school-wide events. organized and planned a holiday gift giving event in conjunction with the coney island generation gap at the ny aquarium. in-cooperation with diploma plus high school and coney island generation gap organized and supervised a teen summit about success after high school and greening the community. organized and supervised student talent showcase. organized and supervised senior
__label__FITNESS general manager summary dedicated general manager summary dedicated enthusiast with years of experience in sports health and fitness related settings. passionate about helping others set and reach their goals in a wide variety of ways. respected builder and leader of customer-focused teams who are committed to providing superior customer service. lead by example and ensure the execution of all safety security quality and operation policies. experience january 2015 to november 2015 general manager march 2015 to november 2015 assistant manager january 2015 to march 2015 promoted to manager position to recruit hire train and develop a high performing staff consisting of assistant managers member service representatives trainers and custodians. responsible for the oversight of gym operations to ensure an exceptional judgement free member experience as well as a financially successful club. accountable for leading a team of employees in a positive motivating manner with continuous assistance in employee training and development. created and maintained a welcoming atmosphere for all members prospective members and guests and ensured staff followed superior customer service guidelines. managed marketing efforts by ensuring that the staff was aware and trained on all marketing promotions. tracked statistics and reports weekly monthly annually . prepared all hr related forms and sent to
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction installer summary detail-oriented construction installer summary detail-oriented hardworking construction worker who is dependable and reliable. motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. who thrives in project management roles. extensively trained in construction trades car examples view tips see other examples construction laborers click the + add to insert examples into your resume + add job title specializing in home remodeling and equipment repair. over number years in the construction trade. + add dependable and hard-working job title with more than number years in the construction industry. thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly and efficiently. + add construction laborer familiar with resource allocation and production methods. + add qualified job title who stays current with public safety and security standards. safely operates and maneuvers a diverse range of heavy duty construction equipment. + add hardworking construction worker who is dependable and reliable. motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. + add detail-oriented job title who thrives in project management roles. extensively trained in construction trades carpentry and landscaping. + add physically fit laborer effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule. consistently follows through with all orders and instructions. works well in
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations communications manager public relations communications manager professional summary public relations manager strategy execution results strategic results oriented and licensed pr professional with extensive experience directing communication campaigns in both agency and in-house settings. proven creative talent with demonstrated strength in producing and implementing media strategies. well-versed in corporate communication promotional support and branding. exceptional writing editing and interpersonal skills with internal and external audiences. deadline-driven tenacious and successful at thriving in high-pressure environments. skills creative writing strategic messaging team leadership press releases press kits crisis management promotion image media relations campaign development community relations social media coordination problem solving media relations training work history public relations communications manager 01/2019 to current direct report to the president. lead the development implementation and monitoring of the work strategy aligned to the operation of the station in both internal and external oversee public relations activities and communications including press releases social media literature announcements programming launches and media kits built a favorable brand image with customers prospects employees and public serve as primary media contact directing all publicity viewership and consumer awareness and image campaigns for wapa and wapa deportes plan develop and implement media action plans to support and positively position the identify and
__label__DESIGNER presentation designer summary customer presentation designer summary customer service and retail associate.specializes in design and technology with a particular talent for building a solid customer base.team-oriented working well in a collaborative environment yet thrives on personal sales achievements highlights infographics person of the quater 2014 mtn yello star award person of the quater. customer care satisfaction training retail and sales adobe photoshop mock ups and prototype axure rp wireframes and interactive prototypes adobe illustrator vector assets adobe dreamweaver creation of mobile sites and websites html and css. adobe creative suite cc adobe photoshop adobe illustrator adobe dreamweaver html css jquery axure rp powerpoint and keynote experience presentation designer february 2016 to current designing keynote and powerpoint slides. creation of graphic assets for the presentations. animating keynote/powerpoint slides. conceptualize and visualize clients brief/ scripts to storyboards. work primarily with producer to deliver on presentations before deadlines. multimedia designer october 2015 to current create marketing or product tutorial videos - create storyboards record audio shoot video and edit final product other projects may include catalog/brochure design marketing collateral online banners print advertising. collaborate with project teams to plan analyze organize and complete assigned projects. design and develop marketing materials for product campaigns events presentations and internal
__label__BANKING assistant banking center manager assistant banking center manager executive summary results-focused management professional offering 6 years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success. core qualifications microsoft certified 120+wpm top-rated sales performer training and development experience using various corporate software systems hummingbird c-net touch pointe etc. proficient in e-automate digital software proficiency with microsoft office suite and web-based reporting tools budget development operations management cross-functional team management staff training skilled negotiator sound judgment computer-savvy calm under pressure complex problem solving top 10 performer in sales loans and operations platinum loan award nmls certified skills detail-oriented excellent problem solving skills and extensive social media marketing experience. results-oriented with the ability to lead organizations to successful product launches and higher revenues. expertise in developing client relations. excel at interfacing with others at all levels to ensure organizational goals are attained. proactive approach has resulted in capturing numerous accounts and expanding client base. possess excellent interpersonal analytical and organizational skills. excel within highly competitive environments where leadership skills are the keys to success. creative with broad-based background in highly competitive and dynamic organizations. recognized as a decisive leader and excellent team
__label__HR global hr manager summary global hr manager summary a global hr professional with 10+ years progressive experience across industries and geographies. a unique skillset combination project management hr business partnering and building hr programs aligned with business strategy to drive successful results. highlights microsoft word excel project visio power point sap adobe acrobat professional experience global hr manager june 2012 to september 2015 leading us r d center rockville md relocation project managing technical leadership program tlp a rotational leadership development program - partnering with senior leaders in manufacturing and hr business partners across us germany italy uk switzerland china india and brazil designed and lead cross-function key strategic hr projects and programs for manufacturing 2 600+ employees flight risk analysis and mitigation technical development global career framework and global job family architect etc facilitated 7 global engagement survey result to action deep-dive sessions with global function leaders and local hr partners biennially partnered with director of leadership development to redesign m compass the first-time manager development program rolled-out mentoring program for developing top 40 talents within manufacturing organization annually designed corporate and divisional learning nomination process to ensure fair allocation across manufacturing locations drive and roll-out divisional hr processes globally ensured timely completion
__label__AVIATION mechanical engineer summary 5 mechanical engineer summary 5 years and 9 months experience as mechanical engineer in the operation and maintenance of boilers swimming pools deep well pumping stations and incinerators. 10 years experience as mechanical engineer/ section head in the operation and maintenance of water treatment plants sewage treatment plants sewage lifting stations deep well pumping stations swimming pools raw water pumping and distribution stations. 7 years experience as lead man in the operation and maintenance of gas turbine power plant. 2 years experience as sewage treatment plant operator. 1.5 years experience as diesel generator set operator. 2 years 9 months experience as merchant ship electrician. 1 year experience as assistant electrician/wiper in merchant ship. 1 year experience as textile weaving supervisor. highlights pump and piping systems motor control panel operation and maintenance of sewage treatment plants and sewage lifting stations. operation and maintenance of reverse osmosis plant with plc controls operation and maintenance of swimming pools. operation and maintenance of boilers incinerator and gas turbine power plant. operation and maintenance of deep well pumping station. operation and maintenance of diesel engine driven generator sets power plant. accomplishments our ship was in trouble when the right terminal shaft of the woodward governor that
__label__CONSTRUCTION owner/ fabricator/ welder experience owner/ fabricator/ welder experience owner/ fabricator/ welder october 2017 to current design plan construct and market various type of welding projects for purchase such as gate panels cattle guards horse shoe art and home d cor. furniture and antique restoration. farm equipment repair. mobile welding. heavy equipment operator august 2017 to october 2017 operated track hoe to excavate live gas lines from atlanta ga to chattanooga tn at marked pis in order to test pipe density for anomalies on the 24 northwestern georgia expansion project. lowered in pipe coordinating with other operators to complete tie-ends on mountain. side. project was ended due to smart pig coming apart inside the pipe. owner/ fabricator/ welder april 2016 to august 2017 design plan construct and market various type of welding projects for purchase such as gate panels cattle guards horse shoe art and home d cor. furniture and antique restoration farm equipment repair mobile welding. construction superintendent may 2013 to april 2016 mentored coached and trained 120 team members. recruited hired and trained 107 new employees for construction of pipelines and comingle facilities and compressor stations in the maverick shale in south texas. built and maintained quick response oil and salt water spill
__label__CHEF substitute para professional summary substitute para professional summary professional with management experience and exceptional people skills. versed in relationship management and human resource management. desires a challenging role as an administrator in a busy and productive environment. highlights operations management excel in process development and implementation reports generation and analysis training and development project management proficiency in human resource management relationship management file/records maintenance event planning and scheduling microsoft office accomplishments named employee of the year at plp composite technologies inc. for performance above and beyond in executing dedication problem resolution communication and relationship management during a business crisis. recognized in monthly pampered chef publication as consultant nationally achieving third highest sales for a single show. experience substitute para professional current assist classroom teachers pre-school - grade 8. guide students in reading writing math science and computer technology in small groups and one on one. present in the classroom to partner with teacher in presenting and reviewing lessons. accompany students in transitioning to unified arts classrooms. founder / creative director 03/2005 to current on site event photography and private photo sessions. coordinate and shoot photographs for sports leagues. create custom slideshow productions using various forms of video and print media still photos and music.
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary to join an organization that will allow me to apply my experience and knowledge. skills work history executive chef 01/2008 to current prepare daily meal preparation for 500 4000 man work force camps in remote locations with 4 daily meals and transportable lunches. provision prepare meals for commercial fishing crews of 250 individuals. develop and cost menu items for targeted food cost. establish maintain purveyor relationships. negotiate property equipment leases and sales. oversee food beverage operations for multiple site locations to include administration of weekly purchasing budget. establish par/prep standards i.e. fifo label and dating foods. perform/train staff in all line positions foh/boh functions as required. interview hire train review employees as necessary. maintain consistent interviewing and hiring practices. develop and create all banquet/catering menus. plan all private and special events. maintain consistent haccp serve-safe and alcohol service standards and relative documentation wherever required. direct supervision of 25-50 employees. oversee all retail operations. recipe design/menu engineering. manage procurement logistics for all outlets retail hospitality maintain high level of customer service business plan development location evaluation management services menu design layout restaurant brewery design equipment purchasing design consultation restaurant systems and policies author employee standards manual. create
__label__DESIGNER lighting designer professional summary lighting designer professional summary computer savvy and proficient with design tools for architecture and electro-mechanical design job title who continually searches for new inspiration and stays savvy on current design trends. proficient in adobe indesign sketchup and rhino. job title whose multi-faceted specialty ranges from design of accessories and furniture to lighting design. motivated visual merchandising designer involved in all stages of design from product inception and development to production. results-oriented job title who delivers cutting edge and creative designs within strict time frames. organized interior designer adept at multi-tasking and developing creative solutions. successfully coordinates with vendors and manages construction teams with ease. skills building codes knowledge complex problem solving strong analytical ability excellent attention to detail commercial interior design working drawings and procedures space planning methodology design process carpentry sketching rendering digital drafting 3d rendering software proficient in sketchup work history lighting designer 12/2013 to 11/2014 interfaced with design team members including contractors consultants fabricators architects and regulatory agencies. specified proper products and materials for each project. carefully reviewed contractor submittals of finish materials. specified proper products and materials for each project. prepared construction documents and details to implement design concepts. originated and developed creative design concepts. architectural
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant virginia francis staff accountant virginia francis summary capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. managed complex accounting functions and reconciled accounts involving multiple budgets and funding sources. hands-on supervisory experience directing and training accounting and support staff. hr experience. supervisor s endorsement virginia is a talented individual who possesses a strong work ethic and produces an inordinate amount of quality work. her ability to work independently with minimal supervision is one of her strongest attributes. she is a strong team player. craig c. division director 2009 highlights account reconciliation expert adobe software proficiency mas 90 sage software complex problem solving effective time management advanced computer proficiency flexible team player general ledger accounting strong organizational skills expert in customer relations experience staff accountant september 2010 to current cypress healthcare partners is a management for doctor offices. i currently complete the monthly financials for seven different medical groups. these medical groups range from two to fifteen doctors. one of the medical offices has eleven clinics and consists of two corporations that are consolidated into one financial package. i reconcile all the bank statements for these groups which include zba accounts. i m very detailed in processing the financials
__label__SALES sales associate career focus sales associate career focus i am a dedicated hardworking woman. i am trying to provide for a growing family. i am great with people and handle myself well in difficult situations. i am looking to eventually go back to school and better my own life as well. as for now i am seeking any type of employment to be able to provide for the daily needs of myself and my children. skills speaking sales and marketing customer and personal service active listening critical thinking reading comprehension english language judgement and decision making social perceptiveness persuasion clerical coordination monitoring time management negotiation mathematics service oriented food production active learning learning strategies instructing production and processing education and training june 2011 stanhope elmore high school ged work experience sales associate 11/2015 12/2015 greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. recommend select and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires. answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise. maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. place special orders or call other stores to find desired items. open and close cash registers performing tasks such as counting money separating
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary assist finance manager summary assist an organization that can benefit from my extensive experience in accounting training auditing contract bid preparation and negotiations. over forty years experience in accounting including controllerships accounts payable payroll government contracting auditing cost accounting budgeting and subgrant contracting. organizations i have worked for include manufacturing and service companies such as sandia national laboratory of nevada wic program and office of navajo economics oneo . performed many special projects included preparation of budgets preparation of cost accounting systems including cost accounting system disclosing statements cas cost impact statements. assigned liaison with dcaa dcma and cdcma costing system reviews evaluation of cost proposals and defective pricing reviews. accomplishments hexcel corporation representative to aerospace industries association aia cost principles committee. worked with the aia committee in recommending a rewrite of 48cfr15 to refine the definition and determination of commercial pricing provisions. the committee recommendations are now part of the current regulations. developed computer models using excel to provide plant bidding models and corporate home office allocations to plants. train government contracting plant controllers in contract accounting and bid processing. american legion fernley post 37 adjutant for 3 years. experience finance manager april 2004 to june 2011 responsible for development/monitoring
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development analyst summary business development analyst summary i am seeking career as product control analyst in a diverse and multinational that value integrity courage good leadership disposition enthusiastic leaning teamwork and performance where my comprehensive academic experience in finance accounting investment and management can be effectively utilized. highlights superior time management financial accounting and control management financial analysis and reporting ms office suites and quickbooks advanced computer proficiency analytical and problem solving abilities critical thinking with deadline driven strategic and financial planning and modeling proficient in sap fico business analysis and valuation budgeting forecasting and planning accomplishments led the development of two financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency of two giant oil and gas companies. experience business development analyst august 2012 to current managed budget forecasting goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. analyzed legal documents including wills insurance policies and corporate contracts. designed and created weekly and monthly spending reports. coordinated with underwriters lenders loan managers and securitization teams to manage portfolios. oversaw investment portfolio analysis file maintenance and broker verification. delivered performance updates quarterly business reviews and planning meetings.optimized current revenue streams by networking for additional business prospects with established clients. planned strategic brand-building events to expand the
__label__AVIATION lead engineer - fluid lead engineer - fluid systems and thermal accessories summary forward thinking mechanical engineer with several years of experience in product design and development process improvement project management and quality assurance comprehensive understanding of design processes manufacturing methods and sound engineering principles. skilled in use of engineering tools such as fea ug nx gd t lean six sigma with a strong understanding of engineering mechanics principles and materials. demonstrated leadership skills that optimize collaboration between departments to produce high-quality aerospace hardware. highlights comprehensive understanding of engineering and design principles. extensive experience in use of computer aided design tools such as ug nx solidworks. excel with minimum supervision. experienced in gd t and manufacturing support lean six sigma certified. field investigation and customer support of fluid system hardware. headed process improvement projects. project management experience. understanding of export licence for various hardware and technology. writing technical requirement documents. experience september 2016 to current lead engineer - fluid systems and thermal accessories design premix liquid fuel delivery system for ge 9f.04 and 9ha.02 instrument air system design and specification for ge gas 9f.04 provides hazmat specification based on ibc for various gas turbine skids. design water supply skids and accessories for purging and
__label__AVIATION electrical engineer summary seasoned electrical engineer summary seasoned electrical engineer successful at coordinating diverse projects improving departmental processes and increasing revenue. electrical engineer proficient in power and control engineering. designs power grids as well as control systems for oil and gas industry. seasoned electrical engineer offering 5 years experience developing hmi controlled equipment for testing and production. strong project management background. . highlights engineering software autocad eagle matlab solidworks standard solidworks enterprise pdm solidworks electrical microsoft office 2016 word visio powerpoint excel onenote outlook microsoft dynamics gp team gantt allen bradley rslogix software computer language microsoft visual c and c++ project management skills complex problem solver project management operational analysis expert technical writing data collection strong decision maker analog and digital hardware and firmware design fea and failure analysis 3d design and simulation software experience electrical engineer 04/2014 - 02/2016 practical application of electrical engineering critical thinking that involves the use of logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions to problems prepared and studied technical schematics and p id drawings and specifications of electrical/electromechanical systems to ensure that installations and operations conform to standards and customer requirements diverse knowledge of frac pump components and assembly instrumentation and controls applications
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY it technology specialist professional it technology specialist professional summary analyst with extensive experience in information technology. proficiencies include trouble shooting hardware and software issues. experienced service tech with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences. core qualifications tcp/ip network monitoring and tools storage management knowledge of desktop support procedures and active directory skilled in software and microsoft operation installation and maintenance working knowledge with windows 2000 2003 2008 server install microsoft office 2000 through 20010 applications software windows xp vista 7 and 8 pc and lap top install and management. professional installation and upgrades network security and protection measures networking cable patch panel install testing and layout fiber optic installation testing and lay. web development and design using software front page html and python applications. experience it technology specialist 09/2015 to 04/2016 monitored multiple databases to keep track of all inventory. successfully led key projects which resulted in positive outcome . provided onsite training. provided tier1 tier2 level support . perform tier 3 level support to customers on operational or maintenance aspects of system equipment. perform service repair and/or install of products including system hardware software pcs and pos equipment. perform general
__label__AVIATION assistant to cfo professional assistant to cfo professional summary dedicated and focused office administrator who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. core qualifications computer proficiency service-minded motivational leadership style inventory control professional demeanor self-directed time management ability ability to prioritize customer service system improvements strong initiative resourcefulness forward-thinking mindset experience assistant to cfo 04/2008 to current managed operations in accordance with budget requirements. maintained compliance with and legal requirements. oversaw operations for charter and dispatch department. managed office inventory and placed new supply orders. updated employee paperwork and records. scheduled appointments and maintained master calendar. oversaw training and daily performance of three staff. wrote professional business correspondence. generated financial reports for management review. liaised directly with customers to meet needs and maintain satisfaction. provided support for coo and sales team in managing operation work flow. improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments clients and vendors. planned travel arrangements for executives and staff. organized files developed spreadsheets faxed reports and scanneddocuments. properly routed agreements contracts and invoices through the signature process. created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists. performed additional
__label__ACCOUNTANT project accountant career focus project accountant career focus dedicated and focused professional who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. highlights project coordination forward-thinking mindset microsoft office proficiency business writing results-oriented self-directed strong interpersonal skills organized and detail-oriented professional experience project accountant february 2003 to current - currently the on-site project accountant for the gulfport high school renovation which is a cm project with direct owner purchase. proficient with as400 sap and jd edwards accounting systems and all microsoft applications as well as construction imaging software for invoice coding and bluebeam previously managed the preparation distribution and tracking of subcontracts purchase orders service agreements change orders insurance and bonds for multiple projects to include the hard rock new guest tower addition island view casino renovation mda neighborhood home repair program msu science technology center ohr o keefe museums of art air cargo facility and sea breeze condominiums. assisted multiple project managers project engineers and superintendents with correspondence files and electronic filing systems cost coding rfi s submittals submittal log set up contracts and pay applications and the collection electronic filing and storage of close out information for specific projects
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary accountant accountant professional summary accountant with more than 8 years accounting experience with profit making non for profit and non-governmental organizations ngos . possess solid knowledge of gaap gasb and ifrs. proficient in automated systems such as quickbooks sun system and peachtree accounting. core qualifications general ledger accounting balance sheet account reconciliation bank office account reconciliation financial data analysis financial statements audit support generate various reports adjusting entries and periodic closing review and monitoring of accounting event financial planning budgeting reporting grants management contractual agreement and modification donor reporting monitor and manage sub-grantee fund release for subs system improvement and recommendations external/internal reporting project closing accounting systems sage accounting quickbooks sun system peachtree accounting and mo.s.t presentation software microsoft powerpoint. spreadsheets advanced excel with pivot tables lookups references and consolidation. database microsoft access. email outlook and lotus note experience accountant feb 2015 responsible for account coding accuracy record and reconcile accounts payables on a monthly basis review and reconcile on-line corporate credit card transactions and documentation actively participate in improvement of procedures and processes review and report excess and obsolete inventory prepare the invoices and federal grant funders for reimbursable expenditures prepare the invoices and federal grant funders for reimbursable expenditures
__label__ARTS customer service specialist career customer service specialist career overview highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 6 years client interface experience. customer-focused retail sales associate with a solid understanding of the dynamics of the service industry. enthusiastic customer service/telesales representative with in-depth knowledge of sales training and communication. reliable customer service representative with extensive track record in demanding management environments. dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. core strengths ability to work well under pressure. ability to adapt to a changing work environment. very client and people oriented. ability to work well with any size team. always very cheerful and happy to help anyone. constantly maintains a positive attitude. can learn well from failures and take criticisms. always happy to be challenged. work experience 09/2014 to current customer service specialist works with several clients to ensure their satisfaction. fast learner of operation programs. experiences relationship building and customer satisfaction. experienced salesperson. prevented store losses using awareness attention to detail and integrity. trained 2 new employees quarterly. cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed. worked as a team member performing cashier duties product assistance and cleaning. managed quality communication customer support and product representation for each
__label__SALES sales manager summary friendly sales manager summary friendly and enthusiastic with over six years of specialization in hospitality. able to learn new tasks quickly and proficient in growing key customer relationships. represent establishment with friendly professional demeanor at all times. able to work in a fast paced establishment and passionate about exceeding expectations. highlights client relations specialist conflict resolution techniques team management meticulous attention to detail skilled multi-tasker deadline-oriented management of remote employees focused on customer satisfaction efficiency excellent verbal communication accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. experience sales manager 01/2015 07/2015 active learning social perceptiveness reading comprehension computers and electronics picker amazon obtain merchandise from bins or shelves. resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service. cashier zaxbys 09/2014 01/2015 receive payment by cash check credit cards vouchers or automatic debits. maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans. monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. plan parties or other special
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate professional profile patient advocate professional profile detail-oriented efficient and organized with extensive background in community-based organizations seeks to bring strong work ethic and engaging interpersonal communication to a vibrant company. over seven years of experience as an office manager/tax preparation worker and over three years of experience assisting patients register for government programs. qualifications independent worker exceptionally organized record-keeping email software outlook thunderbird etc internet browser internet explorer firefox etc peripheral devices scanners printers etc personal computers spreadsheet software calc excel etc utility software virus file compression etc word processing software word wordperfect etc tax preparation experience patient advocate september 2009 to december 2014 answer applicants questions about benefits and claim procedures. interview benefits recipients at specified intervals to certify their eligibility for continuing benefits. interpret and explain information such as eligibility requirements application details payment methods and applicants legal rights. initiate procedures to grant modify deny or terminate assistance or refer applicants to other agencies for assistance. compile record and evaluate personal and financial data in order to verify completeness and accuracy and to determine eligibility status. interview and investigate applicants for public assistance to gather information pertinent to their applications. check with employers or other references to verify answers and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary i consider consultant summary i consider myself to be a charismatic and persuasive marketing manager offering expertise in property management public speaking advertising and media relations. my superb writing and speaking skills allows me to communicate effectively with target audiences through strategic brand management and pr campaigns. i am tech-savvy and confident with three years of marketing and public relations experience. team structure and leadership is very important to me and i thrive in fast-paced environments. my personality is very driven and service-oriented and i enjoy helping others. within the marketing and advertising position i have held my motivation to maintain organization has been key in completing deadlines and staying on task. highlights customer service-focused project management marketing and sales specialist organized and efficient exceptional multi-tasker motivated team player microsoft office outlook budget creation accomplishments in my time with my current position i have advanced very quickly and have been recognized for the many goals and achievements that the property has met. i have been nominated at many different times throughout my 3 years in marketing and led our property to be nominated for property of the year. in 2015 our property succeeded with a 3.7 increase in noi over 2014 and
__label__HR hr generalist experience 04/2015 hr generalist experience 04/2015 to current provide general administrative support such as preparing correspondence forms and reports scheduling and coordinating staff meetings maintaining meeting minutes and notes generate confidential ad hoc statistical reporting data and documentation regarding turnover new hires birthdays anniversaries benefits and other relevant hr metrics collect onboarding documentation to ensure benefit enrollment in a timely manner and follow up with employees to ensure their electronic enrollment has been processed in the hris portal source documentation to process new hire setups in hr systems process changes in pay rate status and initial/qualifying life event benefit changes establish maintain and audit employee data and files manually process background checks entries employment verifications and other full-cycle hr related items for onboarding and departures assist with maintenance updates to the organizational chart facilitate and assist in new hire orientation presentations maintain highest level of confidentiality and data security to protect employee privacy related to employee relations issues organizational changes planning with a strict adherence to privacy and confidentiality per policy respond to various inquiries from internal and external stakeholders employees management and senior leadership team participate on several committees to enhance employee engagement manager training and creating strategic hr initiatives. 09/2012
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary skills accountant professional summary skills work history 06/2012 to current accountant i have a practical knowledge and a thorough understanding of the principles methods and theories laws regulations and directives of accounting. i provide training and accounting instruction to assistance in the application and compliance of generally accepted accounting principles and procedures relating to accounts payables monthly reconciliation and disbursements. review verify and print cost and trust checks request daily for case files within the office and remotely to other regional office locations prepare bank deposits for cash received and electronically deposited checks for several accounts remotely and prepared daily reports to account for funds prepare monthly reports from several cost and trust accounts to include uploading bank reconciliations data into great plains accounting system and verify trial balances for the trust accounts reconciles to active files assists with cash and other payment transactions when received from clients and employees perform monthly reconciliation of petty cash and inventory analysis of check stocks maintain reconcile and monitor accounts payable vendors. this involves reviewing analyzing and processing invoices and statements for accuracy and ensure that approved charges are paid promptly within specified timeframe provide customer services to all internal and external customers and
__label__ADVOCATE youth advocate professional summary youth advocate professional summary motivated enthusiastic responsible and goal-oriented young educator seeking new opportunities in education and educational background of psychology and sociology. personal and empathetic with great sense of humor and the ability to bring out the best in others. skilled in working with children with special learning skills and mental health issues. motivate and able to bridge student experiences academic lessons and subjects to real- life situations. active team member who can effectively collaborate with all stakeholders and establish quality relationships in working with difficult children. core qualifications critical thinker problem resolution ability client/family focused solution-focused counseling self-starter dedicated patient advocate low income and homeless populations client engagement quick learner case management compassionate reliable transportation experience youth advocate 09/2015 work with youth ages 12-18 that are homeless for various reasons living in shelter with personal social academic and life goals. consult with other professionals regarding the treatment of specific clients. counsel and prepare residents for their transition back into the community. quickly respond to crisis situations when severe mental health and behavioral issues arose. teacher 06/2011 to 04/2015 develop individual educational plans ieps designed to promote students educational physical or social development. confer with parents administrators testing specialists
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist career information technology specialist career overview permanent certifications itnw 1458 comptia network+ itmt 1350 ms 70-270 managing and maintaining an ms windows 2003 environment itmt 1355 server 2003 network infrastructure itmt 1400 ms 70-270 implementing and supporting ms windows xp professional job related microsoft certified it professional mcitp apr 2012 training comptia security+ certified professional mar 2010 microsoft certified professional mcp oct 2008 comptia network+ certified professional may 2008 comptia a+ certified professional apr 2008 language language spoken written read skills spanish advanced advanced advanced references employer title phone email william 407th afsb supervisor 254-287-7798 william.cook2 conus.army.mil cook mr. john first army chief 254-553-5006 ciesiolka division west information systems 8 of 9 9/2/2015 7 58 am usajobs - resumes https //my.usajobs.gov/applicant/resume/listresumes employer title phone email division leonard defense it manager 714-385-4605 flemons contract management leonard.flemons dcma.mil work experience may 2012 to current information technology specialist indicates professional reference. october 2009 to may 2012 salary 65 150.00 usd per year hours per week 40 g6 it specialist custspt this is a federal job served as a systems administrator for first army division west command and staff. administered over 800 nipr workstations 300 sipr workstations and 100 arnet workstations. this includes hardware software
__label__FITNESS avid tutor core qualifications avid tutor core qualifications academic planning goal setting and implementation counseling group instruction microsoft office public speaking attention to detail dependability education bachelor of arts human services and counseling 2008 lindsey wilson college usa human services and counseling work experience avid tutor aug 2011 to may 2013 took an active role in developing the academic and personal strengths of avid students. served as a role model/mentor to avid students by being a lifelong learner demonstrating appropriate academic and social behaviors. determined if concepts needed to be taught or retaught from student s notes and discussions. evaluated student binders including calendars class and textbook notes etc. conducted mini-lessons in the process of writing in all subject areas study skills and other aspects of college preparation. set an example of personal excellence and high expectations for avid students to follow. communicate frequently and honestly with the avid coordinator/teacher regarding student progress and areas of concern. certified nursing assistant feb 2011 to may 2011 provided or assisted patients with personal hygiene dressing bathing etc. assisted with serving meals feeding patients as necessary ambulating turning and positioning patients providing fresh water and nourishment between meals. provides adjunct care by administering non sterile dressings surgical
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary to pursue accountant summary to pursue excellence in the dynamic business world by obtaining a placement allowing me to perform in an environment where honesty sincerity a positive attitude would be valued. i would like to take up a challenging job to nourish my qualification expertise experience within a reputed organization further enhance my performance. flexible job title who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. flexible job title who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. highlights dos windows 9.x xp ms office oracle tally adobe photoshop adobe illustrator pagemaker 3d inifnative audio editing video editing macro media director oracle 8i developer 2000. account reconciliations accomplishments enter outstanding achievements that show you can go above and beyond basic job expectations. see examples general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. experience october 2011 to august 2015 accountant prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget. performed debit credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases using specialized accounting software. responsible to ensure that receivables are timely collected participate in preparation of monthly management reports stock
__label__FINANCE finance specialist summary to finance specialist summary to work in a professional environment and to provide the skills knowledge and experience i possess to assistant in the success of any and all challenges and endeavors presented to me. seasoned financial specialist with 20+ years experience managing accounting needs across multiple platforms. advanced technical knowledge including quickbooks and excel. highlights quickbooks software creative solutions accounting software microsoft outlook microsoft word and excel daceasy accounting software paragon and real fast forms real estate software programs evolv cs electronic record keeping system notary public confidentiality in every aspect of the word. excellent communication skills. ability to recognize people s voices and faces and address them personally. self motivated and work without supervision. great organizational skills and ability to prioritize. ethical approach to finance goal-oriented reliable experience finance specialist 11/2010 to current initially hired as accounts payable specialist promoted november 2012. essential functions include assure the timely and accurate preparation and completion of payroll functions in conjunction with human resources prepare and post monthly journal entries to the gl. track accounting for contract funds. prepare monthly and quarterly reports. assure input of the daily receipts and reconciliation. assure accurate record keeping of fixed asset purchases. responsible for overseeing
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician ii summary engineering technician ii summary my goal is to become associated with a where i can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the s productivity and reputation. highlights excellent communication techniques engineering standards expert complex problem solver advanced critical thinking microsoft excel project and visio engineering operational functions multidisciplinary exposure project management advanced engineering knowledge troubleshooting specialist initiative to work independently strategic thinker quality inspection professional strong collaborative skills document management testing patient and diligent ms office proficiency google documents 5s expert safety member validation process specialist accomplishments 2006 - global engineering nominee for back side transfer/lamination technology. 2013 - nominations global engineering gathering rx laboratory hc data and finding global problem and giving solution for the us rx labs. 2015 - global engineering winner for pc nidek tinting lenses to support sun business. 2016 - global engineering winner global water savings primarily on the hard coating machines. experience engineering technician ii 02/2012 to current initiated statistical analysis project that resulted in sound recommendations adopted by entire rx labs. spearheaded documentation of classified reports. managed numerous projects simultaneously that helped the make good sales for the certain products. collaborated with engineers and project managers on water savings photo
__label__HEALTHCARE marketer / administrator professional marketer / administrator professional summary administrative healthcare pharmaceutical sales dedicated and motivated professional with a strong background in medical pharmaceutical dental sales and new business development. years of successful experience consulting and training on multifaceted projects developing and implementing effective promotional techniques and facilitating profitable relationships with a wide range of clients and key business partners. called on various clinical representatives in the areas of cardiovascular endocrinology respiratory care internal medicine emergency services primary care hospitals and pharmacies. consistently recognized for outstanding contributions to the bottom line and solid reputation for surpassing specified sales and revenue objectives. commended for organization perseverance efficiency and priority management skills. computer savvy and familiar with many modern systems and applications including windows ms office suite and salesforce.com. areas of strength consultative selling account management business development customer relations client retention training team building networking prospecting clinical administration strategic planning territory management director of marketing process improvement office management revenue generation core qualifications account management creative problem solving territory sales experience leadership training mentoring customer focused experience january 2014 to july 2014 marketer / administrator managed all internal office employees payroll and then spent 80 of my day as director of marketing. answered to president
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction worker summary hardworking construction worker summary hardworking shipping and receiving clerk familiar with all aspects of logistics shipping and receiving and general warehouse operations. highlights logistics shipping and receiving punctual and reliable detail oriented adaptive team player strong problem solver multi-tasker fluent in spanish experience construction worker october 2011 to current completed residential and commercial construction projects with minimal or no supervision. retail associate november 2012 to september 2013 offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the brand. balanced the needs of multiple customers in a fast-paced retail environment. prevented store losses using awareness attention to detail and integrity facilitated quarterly physical inventory counts. quality assurance clerk august 2006 to september 2011 answered customers questions and addressed complaints in person and via phone. resolved delivery issues for carriers warehouses and customers. documented pilfer and damaged inventory. presented customers with bills receipts and collected payments for shipments picked up. organized and scanned inventory minimizing loss. monitored shipments to guarantee on-time delivery. forwarded client-related quality and service issues to the appropriate manager for resolution. package handler august 2005 to august 2006 worked at a rapid pace to meet tight deadlines. cleared damaged items while loading freight. redirected and organized outbound shipments. operated powered pallet
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile accomplished consultant executive profile accomplished high-energy executive manager with a strong background in manufacturing engineering and over 25 years of experience with significant accomplishments in turnaround situations team building training strategic planning p l oversight and revenue enhancement. results oriented consummate professional with excellent interpersonal and communicative skills outstanding problem solving/troubleshooting abilities and a proven success record achieving operational excellence. an extremely enthusiastic self-directed real change leader possessing the unique ability to manage multiple projects make sound and timely decisions and ensure project completion to meet all critical deadlines and budget constraints. hands on leadership experience interfacing and developing supplier partners sales marketing and customers. skill highlights strategic planning training and development revenue enhancement infrastructure development total quality management risk and liability management project management performance/metrics management supplier management haccp and gmp certification lean manufacturing six-sigma champion manufacturing engineering quality systems design gfsi sqf practitioner business process reengineering education bachelor of science industrial technology 1992 southern illinois university usa associate of science fuel systems maintenance 1989 community college of the us air force usa skills haccp certified lean manufacturing certified six sigma certified champion better process control certified core accomplishments operations management utilized lean/sigma to reduce setup and changeover times and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development regional manager business development regional manager summary responsible for exhibiting value of the s brand through the delivery of expansion recruitment mobility conflict resolution and workforce management services and solutions with store level managers with customers employee management and vendors. skills problem solving time management pos and inventory training internal conflict resolution training and development marketing budgets cost reduction client retention business development pos applications/software quickbooks pos pacific amber pos and lightspeed pos proficient in software such as quickbooks and microsoft office applications. advanced use of the windows xp windows 8 and windows 10 operating systems. experience january 2013 to current business development regional manager developed implemented and improved inventory process and procedures resulting in reducing inventory loss throughout the to below 5 . developed and approve all policies and procedures for inventory management and audits for pos point of sale and general store functions. utilizing excel spreadsheets observations system testing and statistical reports for inventory and profit and loss. responsible for marketing strategies and campaigns each quarter. produce engaging online marketing campaigns and contests though the use of social media sites and search engines. plan and schedule internal meetings conference calls and web based presentations while utilizing most effective communication options
__label__BANKING banking center manager assistant banking center manager assistant vice president summary hands-on dependable dedicated team coach who is goal directed as well as quality and detail conscious. extensive passion toward developing employees to their fullest potential. maintains a high degree of energetic leadership problem-solving planning and team building skills that lead to successful sales teams. highlights established track record of exceptional sales results. advocate of continuous education. excellent communication skills. compelling leadership skills. resolution oriented. enthusiastic and effective leadership style. accomplishments currently standing at highest percentage achieved for banking center goals in 2014. top 10 banking center in 2013 for comerica bank michigan market. developed two under-performing banking centers into top performing offices in 2011-2012 and 2012-present day. top performing assistant manager statewide for comerica bank in 2010. experience 01/2012 to current banking center manager assistant vice president comerica bank brooklyn office promote the importance of higher education and assist employees with steps to achieve such goals. nominated as a banking center manager mentor for new and existing colleague onboarding process. directly manage the human resource processes for employees including selection training performance management individual career development and retention. designated management trainer for first time assistant manager and personal bankers. created and established a
__label__FINANCE finance specialist summary to finance specialist summary to be able to join an organization where i can utilize my proficiency with accounting principles along with a flair for accuracy towards performing my duties. experience finance specialist nov 2014 to jan 2015 one of the nation s largest owners and managers of high-quality residential housing representing a diverse mix of multifamily military and student communities. salary usd15 per hour hours 40 hours per week during the short term i have worked with balfour beatty i have done the processing of vendor invoices processing of monthly rental payments handling of the petty cash fund reviewing and checking of the bah reconciliation of outgoing residents prepared by the resident specialist assists outgoing residents in their out processing - such as booking their pre-inspection and inspection dates assists prospective and existing residents with their inquiries in person or on the phone fetching the office s mails and distributing the same collection of rental due from the military residents that did not opt for allocation in their pay slips processing of credit card payments of civilian residents. financial accountant may 2008 to sep 2011 a part of leighton asia which is a member of the cimic group - one
__label__TEACHER teacher assistant skills accounts teacher assistant skills accounts payable advertising bookkeeping budgets charts customer service financial reporting payroll spreadsheets professional summary energetic teacher assistant specializing in mathematics. energetic tutor enthusiastic about working with pre-teen students. excited to grow individual confidence and skill. outgoing reliable and caring. teacher assistant and tutor familiar with mathematics and reading. well-developed mathematics abilities. seek to utilize subject expertise to assist students in grasping materials and improving test scores. computer savvy and familiar with iready tenmarks and accelerated math. caring tutor passionate about helping students excel academically. skills kind and empathetic self-motivated strong written and verbal communicator positive and encouraging standardized testing scoring fast learner dibels knowledge strong background in mathematics work history october 2017 - current teacher assistant assist with instruction up to 87 students individually and in groups. observe and evaluate students performance behavior and social development. assistant with supervision of an average of 200 students in classrooms halls and cafeteria on a daily basis. maintain accurate and complete assessment scores for 87 students. work with other teachers and administrators to instruct students. november 2016 - may 2017 day tutor assisted 5th grade students with daily classroom assignments. pulled students and worked one on one to enhance reading
__label__HEALTHCARE office manager/managing director professional office manager/managing director professional summary innovative customer-oriented healthcare administrator with background in managed ambulatory and long-term care. strong background in quality assurance claims analysis and management principles and practices. seeking a leadership role within an integrated delivery system. skills strong p resentation skills accomplished leader patient evaluation/intervention professional bedside manner adept at prioritizing/managing deadlines patient-focused care trained in pre- and post-surgical care competent in physical assessments minor surgery assistance awareness work history office manager/managing director 02/2014 to current overseeing entire clinical department and ensuring physician orders are followed through as requested overseeing all of the office staff and the daily operations of the day to day problem solving for all departments in the office as well as taking problematic phone calls for all departments hiring and training new office staff hiring and training new doctors and physician assistants completing all the necessary paperwork enrolling doctors and pas with medicare and malpractice insurance setting up new employees with practice fusion and payroll communicating with doctors and physician assistants on a daily basis to ensure the day is running smoothly and resolving any issues they may have marketing to home health companies to payroll quality assurance. quality assurance 04/2013 to 02/2014 liaising
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager summary mechanical engineering manager summary mechanical engineer with more than 30 years of progressive experience specializing in economics driven project justification management and mechanical design. much of my career has been focused on paper converting equipment and operations developing into roles in maintenance and reliability systems. more recently responsible for facilitating the capital investment portfolio for the halsey mill. highlights project management paper converting equipment facility and plant modifications dmf and project work process written and verbal communication skills autocad and excel accomplishments start-up of major converting equipment lines with emphasis on long term reliability. designed and implemented a mill project work process to improve economic thinking and operational ownership of mill driven projects. this has streamlined the mills approval process for projects. experience engineering manager may 2011 to current - responsible for facilitating the capital projects plan and process. this has included developing a process to evaluate projects with stakeholders at determined phase gate challenges and developing engineering talent to work within the expectations of the gp project work process. transitioned into a working manager with responsibility for managing several projects up to the 4mm range in addition to responsibility for the overall capital portfolio. develop clearly written venture summaries to
__label__ADVOCATE ph inpatient/financial advocate supervisor ph inpatient/financial advocate supervisor education and training university of phoenix 2013 master of business administration buisniess us gpa gpa 3.87/4.00 gpa 3.87/4.00 university of phoenix 2011 bachelor of science human service management us gpa 3.96/4.00 university of phoenix 2009 associate of arts health administration us gpa gpa 3.97/4.0 gpa 3.97/4.0 professional experience september 2015 ph inpatient/financial advocate supervisor transition to ph inpatient/financial advocate supervisor meet weekly to report on high dollar inpatient accounts and financial advocate roles in helping self-pay patients interim supervisor for additional outpatient department located at downtown ph work on rapid improvement team to reduce denials within the cds meet with cashiers in cds and create consistent reporting of collections to all supervisors and employees with graphs and notification of high collectors help with the creation of 2016 financial application policy for phs to be compliant with 2016 501r rules create presentation of financial assistance policy for cds establish the role of financial advocates to help nicu babies with information on social security for disability when needed establish new role of financial advocates to identify and help underinsured with financial assistance work with patient advocates to help patients with questions regarding insurance and inability to pay work
__label__CONSTRUCTION project construction manager summary project construction manager summary experienced project manager with auto cad background executing luxury custom residential projects from bidding to completion maintaining industry-leading quality standards and implementing cad technologies for major capability gains. highly skilled in leading cross-functional teams liaising with contractors and external agencies and ensuring on-time completion project milestones. able to excel in demanding environments and introduce best practices. highlights residential construction blueprint reading leadership exceptional problem solver excellent driving record strong communication skills detail-oriented friendly and hardworking architectural facades accurate measurements and estimates auto cad proven working experience in construction management advanced knowledge of construction management processes means and methods expert knowledge of building products construction details and relevant rules regulations and quality standards understanding of all facets of the construction schedule the project in logical steps and budget time required to meet deadlines. familiarity with construction management software packages ability to plan and see the big picture competent in conflict and crisis management leadership and human resources management skills accomplishments turned around projects. took numerous projects turned over to me because they were behind schedule and over budget and turned them around to meet timeline and budget commitments. restored customer relationships. built trusting relationships with dissatisfied customers
__label__ENGINEERING senior manufacturing engineering qualifications senior manufacturing engineering qualifications web handling printing extrusion ms office die design iprime coatings microstructures cnc polymer processing servo controls calibrations 6 sigma asq stats advance regressions autocad inventor dsc and melt indexing instron testing methods corona treating pumps sizing plus many suppliers training sessions. bedford ind. technical training seminars relevant experience national society of collegiate scholars phi theta kappa international honor society national honor society president or deans list every semester. magna cum lauda management skill managing lab staff and qa process and documentation spc and process capability studies and the required systems/equipment/process to improve quality and reduce costs. incoming material qualification and defect root cause analyses. review other engineer s data with advance statistical methods to support their projects. provide training and work as the contact point to all departments on joint projects. communication skill working closely with contractors suppliers floor supervisors and the necessary staff from all departments. experience senior manufacturing engineering oct 2016 to current started as a mechanical engineer in the design department moved to a manufacturing and quality engineer then process improvement engineer and now quality engineer supervisor. duties included the design of new equipment from concepts to drafting to implementation. handling maintenance requests
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY manager information technology project manager information technology project management office professional summary highly motivated and driven manager of the project management office pmo . currently seeking potential opportunities to continue to help other organizations realize and reap benefits of formal pmo methodology. passionate about pmo engagement in health care as i have watched over 17 years of what was once lacking in this industry take hold and prove its value and worth. i have had the pleasure and benefit of watching three organizations grow and blossom their teams with training and growth and development of a methodology that fits the culture of each organization. education and certification b.a foreign languages and literatures 1997 vpi su virginia tech foreign languages and literatures degree in spanish concentration in management science -decision support systems note now known as business information technology certification project management certification 2004 guilford technical comm college project management advanced certificate pmp certification project management professional 2012 project management institute certification complete and renewed in 2015 skill highlights highly professional and polished pmo manager portfolio manager for all corporate it system implementations portfolio manager for it infrastructure project management new and renovation construction related efforts excellent communication skills from all upper echelons of leadership
__label__ENGINEERING corporate engineering support technician corporate engineering support technician summary technical support engineer technical support telecom support networking support software/pc/lan troubleshooting accomplished in technical support with 4 years of experience troubleshooting and maintaining user applications workstations and accounts across multiple platforms os x linux windows android ios . updated and written user-facing and it-facing technical. provides outstanding customer service and a strong ability to communicate technical concepts in a non-technical manner. known for patience in dealing with frustrated users. highlights installing configuring troubleshooting windows linux and os x installing configuring troubleshooting soho networks creating updating documentation software installation configuring and troubleshooting implementing configuring network and end user security mobile device support printer support cli knowledge voip video chat support critical thinking with root cause analysis encryption file structures network protocols aaa security model accounts and group policy browser support technology proficiencies operating systems windows 7-10 ubuntu 14.04 os x 10.8-10.11 chromeos ios9 android applications ms office 2010-2016 word excel powerpoint outlook google apps drive docs sheets slides keep forms sites google drive sync client internet explorer firefox chrome safari edge openvpn wireshark sublime text msra microsoft rdp openssh puppet sccm 2012 ios-mdm networking tcp/ip dns dhcp lan/wan vpn/remote connectivity - openvpn some basic cisco ios
__label__HEALTHCARE advisor summary customer service advisor summary customer service representative who maintains a high level of professionalism patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty. skills high customer service standards call center management experience proficient in customer account software strong problem solving ability conflict resolution proficiency customer relationship management software crm accomplishments promoted to call center manager in 2002. experience advisor 02/2007 to 08/2016 supervise a team of over 10 employees make adjustments on customer accounts as needed assist itune customers by adding or deleting services and products as an adviser i am the customer s first point of contact representing apple support many popular products like iphones ipads macbooks and desktop macs healthcare representative 08/2005 to 02/2007 looked up members charts to give lab results apon request. assisted members with appointments referrals and tranferring to a nurse. maintained 100 compliance with all hospital and government regulations hippa . confirmed and updated personal information every call to make sure kaiser member accounts where up to date. billing specialist supervisor 04/2001 to 08/2005 supervised 10- 15 call center employees provided employee training as needed to my teamassisted comcast customers with billing inquiries and disputesimplemented employee incentives to keep up employee morale education and
__label__SALES sales associate summary to sales associate summary to further my career in sales customer satisfaction and grow in business development. highlights bi-lingual exceptional customer service skills established track record of exceptional sales results compelling leadership skills trained in business development accomplishments awarded 4 times best sales representative on a row in 2014 awarded customer services excellence twice in 2014 and awarded top sales rep for 2015 experience sales associate september 2017 to current exceed sales goals by up to 224 by implementing strategic sales tactics generate new leads by creating professional relationships within the otf community as well as business to business and community outreach. going above for my clients as it relates to our member s experience ensuring that members and potential members have a positive and lasting experience assisting the studio manager with keeping the team clients motivated and smiling friendly positive environment increasing revenue in retail for the studio and exceeding retail goal on a monthly basis conducting telephone calls following previous prospects and new joins proper on-boarding all otf clients by utilizing the client in take form proper hand on and hand off with coaches sales representative july 2016 to september 2016 established new customer accounts. updated database with customer
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare provider professional summary healthcare provider professional summary current graduate student at the university of arizona global campus pursuing a master s degree in health informatics and analytics with five years of experience in at-home care. an exceptionally empathetic and dedicated healthcare provider with a strong record of child health care service. adept at handling various client issues and problems with kindness and professionalism seeking opportunities in the healthcare and business industry. a reliable employee with an extensive track record in demanding sales and account management environments. strong presenter communicator and problem solver working effectively and productively with diverse customers and individual needs. a stay-at-home mom of five children dedicated to ensuring the needs of the children s safety and comfort by addressing their specific diet exercise and tutoring needs. including the care provided for an autistic son in creating specific routines developmental support and educational strategies. recently began the endeavor of owning and managing a small business. skills flexible adaptable responsible verbal and written communication computer proficiency adaptability customer service professional telephone demeanor account management technical support social media knowledge strategic planning compassion self-motivated professional cultural awareness analytical skills good listening skills work history healthcare provider 08/2015 to current worked to improve and
__label__BANKING svp regional sales director svp regional sales director wealth management executive profile exceptional follow-through abilities and detail oriented able to plan and foresee strategies from concept to successful completion versatile proven ability to manage multiple projects able to build lasting rapport posses strong interpersonal skills able to work effectively with individuals on all levels effective motivator of self and others capable speaker and communicator with refined skills in presentations education and client relations building a resource person problem solver trouble shooter and a creative turnaround banker self-assured confident dependable and responsible in pursuing and closing sales thrive in challenging situations requiring the ability to learn new skills associate with an organization that will benefit from my initiatives capabilities and contributions ultimately qualifying for advancement and increased decision-making responsibilities core accomplishments developing business within emerging and highly competitive business market outstanding presentation leadership qualifications responsible of managing a team of 24 relationship managers for delivering personalized financial strategies to affluent clientele through banking and borrowing needs as well as investments services. my responsibility and accountability is to manage a team that service a portfolio of affluent households with investable assets of 500 000 up to 2 000 000 . the primary objective of this trusted
__label__HEALTHCARE preventative healthcare intern professional preventative healthcare intern professional summary driven and compassionate healthcare professional with experience in both residential and hospital environments. accountable and responsible with a strong focus on patient wellness. education and training bachelor of science health care management/ health administration 2016 university of alabama at birmingham - usa member of national society of collegiate scholars high school diploma advanced diploma 2012 nansemond river high school beta club- health organizations skill highlights knowledge of hmos medicare and medicaid hipaa compliance strong planning skills patient-focused care self-motivated experience with data entry excellence leadership strong work ethic team player with positive attitude exercises good judgment cpr certified maintains strict confidentiality professional experience preventative healthcare intern january 2016 to april 2016 - assist the educators in all aspects of this program in physical activity education and nutrition education and in helping to prepare healthy snacks. planning coordinating and implementing healthsmart events for the next few months. review and make recommendations on the train the trainer manual for community health advisor program. evaluated patient care procedural changes for effectiveness. cooperated with other health related agencies and organizations in community activities. ensured the accuracy of public information and materials. jumped in to fill gaps for on call
__label__ACCOUNTANT financial accountant summary accomplished financial accountant summary accomplished accountant and highly skilled controller with 8 years of experience and a keen ability to influence processes integral to growth drive operational excellence and achieve objectives. expertise in financial statement preparation and analysis operational management forecasting and cost control. open and clear communicator with demonstrated vision and disciplined execution. accomplishments developed and implemented fee calculation for a new hybrid product added to the product pallet ubs switzerland ag . assessed accounting system structures and converted s accounting system to sap b1 rising tide gmbh . led the development of more than three new financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency barclays suisse sa . implemented processes that utilised accounts receivable sub-ledger for accounting and customer attribute reporting ul ag . prepared complex financial statements and interim/annual reports for banks and holding companies barclays suisse sa . highlights financial reporting expert variance analysis p l management process improvement complex problem solving critical thinking analytical decisive experience 01/2016 to current financial accountant monitor the net capital of the bank using daily controls. calculate monthly fees for the client s account maintenance on a monthly and quarterly basis. provide various analyses variance intercompany balance sheet p l using
__label__BANKING bank operations analyst summary bank operations analyst summary to utilize the skills that i possess in a challenging diverse working environment. highlights analytical customer service communication skills accomplishments pbol program 2013 graduate experience bank operations analyst 01/2010 to current responsible for reviewing and processing returned deposited items rdi returned cash items and non post items complete operational functions including approving g/l tickets and key master reports prior to forwarding to data entry for processing assist teammates in monitoring department mailbox researching items and phone support. worked with special services in atlanta during the transition of the functions our department inherited. assist in developing and updating department procedures work closely with management and suntrust liaison to stream line the north carolina treasurer process. account certification operations analyst 01/2009 to 01/2010 responsible for staff daily operations of processing the w8/w9 forms and the processing of 1099 correction requests for year end tax statements. provide coaching and training to new and existing employees on daily and new processes. complete operational functions including approving g/l tickets maintenance reports for account updates and refunds. assist operational manager with staff reviews. analyze compliant and non compliant trends and provide recommendations for improving monitoring of programs system enhancements and user education.
__label__HEALTHCARE field nurse professional summary field nurse professional summary california-licensed vocational nurse with 25+ years of experience. maintain strong reputation for achieving high levels of patient satisfaction. works effectively as a team member and interact in a positive manner with patients including difficult individuals. core qualifications ca license #vn133323 skill highlights patient-centered care accurately document patient conditions bac screen/drug screen collection ability medication administration expert acute and rehabilitative care wound cleaning/care expertise mobility assistance iv drug therapy management colostomy care familiarity gastroenteral nutrition education body mechanics knowledgemedical clinical specimen collection/processing proficiency procedures comprehension experience field nurse january 2011 to current helped physicians examine and treat patients by assisting with instruments injections and suture removal. supported patients with customized patient teaching tools. ensured efficacy of treatments through monitoring of treatment regimens. provided treatment within scope of practice as defined by law. coordinated with doctors and registered nurses to develop care plans for patients. recorded patients medical history vital statistics and test results in medical records. escorted patients to examination rooms and prepared them for physician exams. performed lab tests and communicated results. served as a liaison between patients and physicians to assist patients in understanding their treatment plans. monitored patients with acute conditions. tested patients blood
__label__BANKING program administrator executive summary program administrator executive summary results-focused management professional offering 15 years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success. professional experience program administrator january 2013 to january 2015 impart support to program management team and coordinated with program managers. corresponds with customers managed difficult and sensitive issues. manage difficult and sensitive issue and interpreted technical information in easy manner and carried out data input aid program managers develop cost baselines and outlined memorandum of agreement. administer program personnel and implemented disciplinary measures outline program information and opportunities and computed grant budget and cuff accounts plan organize assign direct review and evaluate the work of assigned staff motivate and evaluate staff and provide for their training and professional development implement goals objectives policies procedures work standards and internal controls plan organize and implement multi-faceted senior programs and activities identifying community senior citizen needs and recommending alternative or enhanced programs exercising sound independent judgment within general policy guidelines prepare clear concise and complete reports and other written correspondence establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of the work. cbs banking representative january
__label__APPAREL stylist objective an internship stylist objective an internship opportunity under the marketing director of akira chicago where i can demonstrate my knowledge of market trends and customer needs to help create innovative and effective marketing strategies. education bba marketing 2019 depaul university gpa 3.0 minor statistics coursework accounting 101 economics 105 professional business writing business ethics accomplishments akira chicago sales consistently in the top 20 rank of stylists in the for excellent sale stats american apparel sales 1st place in chicago district sales contest avg. 40-55 of end of say sales when working work experience stylist apr 2015 to current pulled entire wardrobes for clients styling them from head to toe in our merchandise built a strong client base that remained loyal to myself and the brand made clients and customers feel welcome through excellent customer service upsell and suggest items to customers in order to exceed personal kpi stats 80 per transaction 3.0 units per transaction 300 an hour created and hosted client shopping events for my loyal customer base to increase the the store s end of day sales by 15 keyholder nov 2014 to apr 2015 promoted a work environment that is positive customer-service oriented and compliant with established policies and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile as consultant executive profile as a professional in health care for over 40 years i have had numerous experiences clinical and nonclinical that would be an asset to any organization. i have authored numerous policies and procedures and technical advisor for several books. working as paramedic nurse travel nurse ed and home health manager educator consultant director regulator and serving on two board s of directors i am a people person and have developed and managed teams of people and achieved many goals. core accomplishments readylink healthcare travel nurse 2003 and 2005 ed contract- sarah bush lincoln healthcare mattoon illinois. ed nurse for a busy central illinois ed with significant rural trauma and medical services. agostini and associates travel nurse 2004 -ed contract-mercy merced medical center merced california ed nurse for a facility serving a highly noncompliant population resulting in a very high acuity and census. provena covenant medical center resource/ed nurse and 2002-2004 - resource nurse for the hospital included support services to all hospital departments performed difficult procedures and skills throughout the facility including specialized intravenous lines such as piccs etc. specializing in the ed ed staff nurse. st. margaret mercy hospital s nursing director 2001-2002 -oversight of operations
__label__ADVOCATE patient experience manager summary patient experience manager summary results-oriented manager who thrives in fast-paced and competitive environments. brings strong presentation analytical and problem solving skills. i am a systematically savvy management/ sales/ customer service individual with multiple leadership experiences. i am qualified for career opportunities where my background and creative abilities will be of value. i am looking for a position that will utilize my skills in strategic planning team development performance management and relationship building. highlights project training manager /evs/food microsoft outlook six sigma lean training excel effective problem solver word accomplishments streamlined and improved food service tactics which reduced labor costs by 60 .improved customer. satisfaction ratings by 100 by implementing a new user-friendly interface. experience patient service manager/ retail manager 01/2015 to current manage all staff assigned to patient meal service area drives patient satisfaction and maintains client relationships through rounding. ensures compliance to food safety sanitation and overall workplace safety standards are met. supervises staffs trains conducts applicable rounding and manages the performance of the food service supervisors diet office kitchen tray line and patient meal delivery staff including applicable rounding. coordinates activities related to menu distribution and other menu-related issues and facilitate operations related to production distribution and service
__label__ENGINEERING self-sustaining engineering technician summary self-sustaining engineering technician summary versatile self sustaining engineering fabrication technician adept at managing projects and resolving issues as well as hardware troubleshooting. highly effective at working independently and as part of a team. recently worked in diffusion furnace while making 300mm wafers. previously worked in wet etch and plasma asher while making 200mm and transitioning into the 300mm wafers. i have an impressive blend of technical expertise and people skills. committed to providing quality and consistent technical support. experience 10/2000 to current self-sustaining engineering technician diffusion fabrication technician currently making 300mm wafers. lead operation trainer. run operational tests on systems and equipment to reinforce proper processes and remedy malfunctions. rotating area coordinator which includes distributing work schedules to other technicians. plasma asher as well as wet etch fabrication technician making 200mm and then 300mm wafers. lead level 3 maintenance technician and level 2 process technician. helped create level 3 maintenance training classes to ensure proper training is accomplished. former member of the fab emergency response team. 08/1999 to 09/1999 production technician built and tested ultrasonic bio microscope and other eye care products from start to finish by inspecting and testing. circuit boards and building the product. involved in the improving
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development specialist summary business development specialist summary retirement benefits specialist with over 10 years experience administering benefits for large corporations and government employees delivering solutions at varying levels as they pertain to the diverse knowledge base of the employees i assist. have extensive experience in delivering benefit plan rules and regulations as well as federal and laws to a diverse population. highly detailed and self motivated who is detail oriented and well organized. experience business development specialist apr 2016 to may 2016 contacted prospective customers from internet inquiries or unsold showroom visits at capital ford to determine reason for not purchasing a vehicle . attempted to re-schedule an appointment with a salesperson to complete transaction. cashier/office support staff apr 2015 to feb 2016 assisted customers with purchases maintained daily deposits dispersed trucks to surplus pick up requests through. spms system maintained inventory answered incoming calls researched any inventory items and their disposal. maintained departmental purchase files as well as daily receipts and pick up requests. data collection interviewer mar 2015 to apr 2015 the survey examines access to the health system health status and health determinant characteristics of ohio s medicaid program for medicaid eligible and non medicaid populations. made outbound calls to
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development professional summary business development professional summary seeking meaningful part to full-time employment with an organization that could benefit from my professional experience with business development management and training business support. core qualifications years of advertising and marketing years of experience developing and maintaining a marketing plan and budget years of experience of staff training and on site coaching maintain great working relationships use out of the box thinking to find solutions to very complex issues years of experience on product development and launch in to the marketplace skilled at design software such as indesign illustrator photoshop maintain great attitude in stressful times versatile with various personality types mentoring spirit - love to see others succeed open mind to change open to learning and continuously improving experience 01/2012 to 01/2014 business development developed start up budget of 500 000 for new business corporation collaborated with business partners in design and creation of entire business concept developed logo menus designed advertisements radio spots flyers cards etc. for marketing new business created cost controls interviewed hired and trained entire staff created and maintained strong regular clientele personal interaction with guests identified and solved areas of concern for guest recovery operations lead in running operations ongoing
__label__FITNESS customer care representative professional customer care representative professional summary expert communicator with strong conflict resolution skills. extensive background in customer service recruitment and retention mediation and records management. demonstrated ability to promote a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successful staff. skills work history customer care representative june 2013 - august 2014 addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion providing appropriate information while maintaining precise records and a high standard of customer service built customer loyalty by resolving complaints expediting orders and locating out-of-stock or discontinued items recommended selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires communicated all merchandise needs or issues to appropriate departments and supervisors maintained up-to-date knowledge of policies regarding service requests product issues returns and exchanges and replacement policies promptly responded to inquiries from members staff and customers via phone e-mail and fax maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency while managing a wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks developed effective relationships with other departments including sales quality assurance and service used humor a positive attitude and high standards to encourage and assist customers participated in extensive classroom and online training seminars promoted a positive
__label__FINANCE director finance executive profile director finance executive profile visionary leader able to drive a culture of excellence throughout the organization focused on consistently exceeding expectations through innovation collaboration and teamwork. demonstrated ability to thrive within fluid business environments including fast-paced high-growth periods as well as cost-containment and cost-cutting cycles. ambitious director who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align and support key business initiatives. ability to build and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights corporate consolidations complex change management financial planning and analysis mergers and acquisitions project management system integration business process re-engineering strategic and operational planning achievements project management successfully launched over 200 projects for finance in fy14 and fy15 respectively implemented finance pmo to manage project lifecycle and capital budget of 45m drove operational efficiencies for stock administration decreasing processing time by 70 delivered 13m enterprise solution for transacting managing and reporting in the treasury areas of cash operations investments and foreign exchange currency option management acquisition integration designed developed and implemented change management strategies that included tools and processes capable of scaling across large complex acquisitions drove change management strategies for both tandberg and starent networks acquisitions launched integration principles for integrating
__label__BANKING assistant operations manager summary assistant operations manager summary experienced professional with a successful career in banking. organized highly motivated and detail-directed problem solver. possess excellent interpersonal analytical and organizational skills. excels within highly competitive fast paced environments where leadership skills are the keys to success. an effective manager with the skills necessary to direct train and motivate staff to its fullest potential. self-starter and tasks oriented and ability to manage multiple-tasks excellent written and verbal communication skills and proficient in excel word outlook and access. experience 04/2013 to current treasury management liaison act as liaison between customer and treasury management sales consultant. prepare treasury management work orders using the treasury management implementation automation system tmia and technical assistance requests. monitor and track implementation to avoid stalled or inactive implementations. assist the treasury management consultant with gathering additional details for the setup and maintenance of treasury management products including but not limited to internal and external customer contact. prepare and review treasury management agreements. under treasury management consultant direction prepare distribute and collect customer legal agreements for clients signatures. validate treasury management agreements for accuracy to include signature verification and submit to treasury management agreement housing tmah for processing coordinate and submit exception pricing requests
__label__ARTS software engineer profile experienced software engineer profile experienced software engineer generalist with a strong interest in game play and ai programming. professional experience software engineer 08/2010 to current star wars galaxy of heroes ios/android fall 2015 worked with product managers to implement in game telemetry implemented various features and fixed bugs required for soft launch unannounced mobile strategy title ios/android unreleased established first playable prototype in unity 3d with player-controlled units that utilized a navigation mesh while obeying rotational and movement constraints created custom code to drive vehicle-tread animation based on vehicle velocity unannounced mobile role playing title ios/android unreleased worked with artists to develop player animation and movement code using unity 3ds legacy animation and navigation mesh agent lead the evaluation and eventual adoption of unity s mecanim animation system to drive character animation wrote code to support player interaction with in-world game objects created procedural loot animation system using physics to animate loot drops prototyped player exploration game mode with multiple control schemes and ui dawngate pc open beta release extended the developer cheat system to allow in-game cheats to be used on production servers by entitled user accounts to facilitate qa testing and debugging of live builds worked with a team
__label__SALES sales professional summary graduated sales professional summary graduated from earle high school in may of 1975 and the enlisted in the united states air force from june 1975 to may 1976 honorable discharge started working in a small lumber co where i became a volunteer firefighter and then emt on an ambulance for 20 years changed careers in 1994 where i went to work for methodist hospital as an emt started college in 1995 to get in to nursing school graduated in 2001 with associates of applied science in nursing still working with methodist now as a nurse started in different areas at university and finally wound up doing surgery went to chest pain in er to get more experience doing cv for a year then went to methodist north to work in surgery cvor my main interest but also done general orthro and cysto as well in august 2015 i retired from methodist after 21years service to travel nurse since then after a bad travel assignment i went to st francis bartlett from dec 2015 to march 2016 but decided to go back traveling with a different went to baxter regional hospital in mountain home from march 2016 to june 2016 then cox
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager highlights business development manager highlights profile statement experience in building and managing a large outside marketing/sales territory to build referral relationships with physicians and their office staff large employers workers compensation professionals and medical case managers summary of qualifications accomplished in outside sales and marketing of services management experience excellent interpersonal and communication skills outstanding work ethic and time management skills team player goal oriented capable of organizing and planning large events solid knowledge of workers compensation experience may 2011 to november 2014 business development manager build and maintain referral relationships with physicians employers and medical nurse case managers for six outpatient physical therapy clinics manage large physician office territory consisting of multiple physician specialties- orthopedics family practice internal medicine pain podiatrists facilitate clinical relationship activities for each clinic manager attend monthly workers compensation networking meetings and meet with employers and medical case managers to uncover new opportunities and to cultivate relationships work closely with operations to ensure customer needs and expectations are met accomplishments consistently exceeded new patient physician referral goals and succeeded in achieving same store growth averaging 104 . same store growth for quarters 1-3 of 2014 was 115 . developed solid referral relationships with workers compensation nurse
__label__SALES sales associate summary punctual sales associate summary punctual customer-focused professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. flexible schedule and strong communicator who consistently meets and exceeds customer service goals. reliable team player with an enthusiastic outgoing attitude. highlights interpersonal communication high customer service standards adapt to diverse groups excellent people skills skilled problem solver consistently meets sales goals personable motivated team player conflict resolution proficiency strong problem solving ability active listener exceptional organizational skills experience sales associate 10/2013 to 01/2014 priced merchandise stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies. alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions. identified potential shoplifters and alerted management. determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses. answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner. followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays. followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays. resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction. childcare professional 03/2013 to 01/2016 carefully monitored children s play activities. prepared meals per employers instruction or om my own if instruction was not provided disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior. incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression. routinely picked children up
__label__TEACHER engineering teacher professional summary engineering teacher professional summary to obtain a challenging position in the field of engineering and to work within a team environment where i can contribute my skills and experience to a client focused dynamic organization. core qualifications proficiency in autocad computer proficient microsoft office autodesk civil 3d gis construction cost estimating hvac design autodesk inventor pro autodesk revit experience engineering teacher 09/2014 to current update lesson plans each semester to stay relevant in the field of engineering and technology. utilize variety of teaching styles such as group discussions lectures and simulations to maximize student interest participation and comprehension. integrate creative learning strategies for students who are learning engineering design project presentations. provide students with hands-on cad software activities and an overall concept of engineering and technology. assist in two robotic clubs for students who wish to excel in science technology engineering and mathematics projects. attend a variety of ongoing professional development workshops centered on learning goals. sponsor in multiple seminar field trips for students who are interested in pursuing an engineering career path. civil cad supervisor 10/2013 to 09/2014 provided hands on software training for each cad drafter to utilize the latest version of autodesk civil 3d. supervised the cad
__label__DESIGNER interior designer summary head interior designer summary head designer for a realtor developer i have worked creating spaces and collaborating with contractors and architects. developing innovative concepts and uses for the spaces. for my residential work i go beyond the surface thinking of the function and the style of the space while working within a budget. detail-oriented and the ability to learn concepts quickly. excellent research time management and problem solving skills. networking with suppliers and merchants in the area allowing access to the newest materials and furnishings. meeting with clients to find out what their wants and needs are with consideration to their space and budget. creating a design plan using cad and developing professional boards to show the concept of the space. following up with clients upon project s completion to make sure they are satisfied. all this is done to help grow their business and brand. highlights interior design curriculum at paier is designed to prepare the relationship between interior design and architecture. basic structural principles and construction methods are introduced. the studio courses incorporate programming conceptual design and development and presentation skills. guest juries of architects and design professionals regularly critique our presentations. courses in id business materials kitchen bath
__label__APPAREL associate manager of design associate manager of design michellehong.squarespace.com work history - designer 03/2019 - current private label cad illustrations for a manufacturer who produces for stitchfix 19 piece fw 19 sweater collection for la mamba apparel vendor sells to urban outfitter and dillards 3 month term about 120 pieces completing light sweaters outerwear tops dresses jumpsuit and bottom designs for spr/smr 20 cozy co apparel- domestic manufacturer 25 piece in house loungewear cad artist for a manufacturer who caters towards anthropologie. - associate manager of design 02/2018 - 01/2019 coordinate partnership between j.o.a and dba marketing agency to help create the last collection for influencer chriselle lim. lead designer of the chriselle lim collection for spring 2019 and responsible for merchandising and presentation. identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives by setting realistic timelines and checkpoints. work closely with the creative director to ensure top quality product and cater design towards client s demands. establish relations with the director of sales to discuss project feasibility and budget costs. managed all aspect of project coordination including creation of mood boards sourcing fabrications and actively involved in fitting sessions with technical team. successfully led project scheduling and budgeting to be exclusively
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary versatile management consultant summary versatile management professional trained in insurance healthcare project management and operational leadership who thrives in dynamic challenging and fast-paced professional environments. assertive and enthusiastic with extensive knowledge of risk management and business administration and an unsurpassed work ethic. highlights b2b sales and service process improvement strategies contract review management healthcare long-term care product expertise in-depth knowledge of markets and relationships t claims file management processes medical terminology and coding knowledge insurance fraud expertise mergers and acquisitions knowledge lean agile six sigma and project management pmp coursework project development and life cycle management business management methodology procedure development business and requirements analysis and workflow planning with quality assurance regulatory compliance sox and financial audits hippa fair credit act experience experience 07/2014 to 08/2015 developed and managed annual budget in excess of 6 million while actively seeking ways to eliminate or reduce expenses while exceeding revenue expectations. drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes of initiatives. monitored costs timescales and resources used to achieve reserve accuracy and claims closure projects as well as staffing management and retention projects running simultaneously. minimized staff turnover through appropriate selection orientation mentoring training staff education
__label__ENGINEERING manager quality engineering executive manager quality engineering executive summary with over 14 years of experience in the fields of class ii and iii medical device manufacturing molecular diagnostics and biotechnology the last 8 of which have been managing engineers technicians as well as supervisors i bring strong technical leadership to any organization. i have a solid background in data analysis and statistics that i use to develop and continuously improve all aspects of the manufacturing process with a focus on efficiency and consistency. core qualifications proengineer/creo minitab ms office suite ms project ms visio injection molding trackwise catsweb professional experience manager quality engineering april 2014 to current manage the quality engineering team the complaints department and the metrology department at alcon s class ii and class iii medical device manufacturing facility. responsible for improving site compliance and reducing recurring deviations through ncr investigations and capa implementation. investigate customer complaints and interface with regulatory groups to provide feedback to doctors. direct the teams to provide calibration support for two medical device-manufacturing facilities. responsible for setting priorities providing direction coaching motivation mentoring and development of both exempt and non-exempt direct reports. senior engineer ii managed process engineering and automation groups march 2011 to april 2014 process
__label__HEALTHCARE team leader/ machine operator team leader/ machine operator career overview dedicated and focused administrative support specialist who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.versatile medial assistant offering administrative experience in both corporate and non-profit office environments. core strengths excel windows microsoft office spreadsheet power data entry dos multi office tasks multi phone lines bls pft injections urinalysis ecg and leadership. production worker medical assistant inspector quality control customer service general office patient care phlebotomy team leader cash handling call center telemarketing hi/lo driver. accomplishments patient care delivered compassionate care that exceeded hospital requirements. successfully provided quality care to a number of patients in healthcare environment. helped patients by serving meals feeding as necessary ambulating turning and positioning in bed. work experience 05/2012 to 01/2015 team leader/ machine operator earned a fast track promotion to team leader oversaw production workloads ensured that materials were properly loaded coated counted and packaged accurately according to procedures. helped achieve goals by supporting production workers. inspected finished products for quality and adherence to customer specifications. monitored and adjusted production processes or equipment for quality and productivity.calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager/staffing manager business development manager/staffing manager professional summary innovative manager seeks position offering opportunities for new professional and personal challenges. self-starter with a positive can-do attitude who is driven to learn improve and succeed. over 10 years of proactive and indirect diverse recruiting and staffing experience. education and training 2003 bachelor of science health science option in health management and marketing california university of hayward united states skill highlights staffing management ability proven patience and self-discipline relationship and team building staff training and development critical thinking proficiency compensation/benefits administration skilled negotiator account management excellent written and verbal communicator enthusiastic team player problem solving billing attention to detail recruiting and selection techniques proficient communicator contract review cold calling hiring recommendations interviewing strategic planning multi-tasking ability skills proficient with microsoft word excel powerpoint access and outlook express. optimizer wfx stafferlink healthtrust and bullhorn. maintaining active databases of various hospital proprietary software technology systems. professional experience 08/2006 to current business development manager/staffing manager manage full cycle staffing recruiting and maintain a database of clients and applicants that is aligned to the business opportunity in the market for recruitment staffing and placement . responsible for job postings hiring interviewing and training new employees. generate new accounts
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager/analyst professional information technology manager/analyst professional summary innovative and solution focused web development manager/analyst with extensive experience in program and project management. detail-oriented and skilled in identifying technology needs creating a plan for solving them and leading multiple teams to implement the solutions. self motivated strong leader and team player that works hard developing staff. experienced in working in industry and academia. skills project management program management process improvement requirements gathering team leader strategic planning results-oriented effective multi-tasker data analysis team player team building extensive technology experience work history information technology manager/analyst 07/2006 to current analyze the technology needs of the graduate college to develop short term and long term goals and to meet and implement the solutions to those needs by working with internal external or mixed teams tech or non-tech teams. oversee the management of multiple websites running various software. supervise and manage the composition of the graduate college information technology team focusing on balancing technology skills based on short and long term goals. develop staff skills through training as needed. collect and report data to various groups across campus as well as to national agencies such as national science foundation national institutes of health and council of graduate schools.
__label__CHEF chef and restaurant manager chef and restaurant manager summary chef with 15 years of highly recognized work in catering and restaurant management in 4 star hotels and leading restaurants. specializes in creating menus that attract and retain customers for events and parties. looking for a challenging role in culinary management. highlights focus on portion and cost control high volume production capability orchestrated a successful profit and loss statement inventory management control servsafe certified utilized systems to successful cost cross training ability successfully implemented front and back of the house training and guideline program food cost control specialist skillful kitchen staff trainer accomplishments successfully managed a kitchen staff of 15 employees during high volume dinner services for more than125 covers each night. also have extensive knowledge of catering both on and off-site productions. managed front and back of the house with team members grossed over 20k per week in food and beverage sales experience chef and restaurant manager 12/2007 to 01/2017 up-sold additional menu items beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. up-sold additional menu items beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. provided nutritious safe visually appealing innovative and properly prepared and flavored food. consistently tasted smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they
__label__APPAREL light industrial maintenance / light industrial maintenance / residential professional summary skilled laborer who thrives independently or as a team member. proactive in creating a safe and productive environment. reliable customer service representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account management environments. core qualifications results-oriented excel in customer service/sales territory sales experience client relations creative problem solving project management proficiency in microsoft software computer proficient quick learner contract negotiation/review/drafting experience light industrial maintenance / residential may 2014 to current tested machinery equipment and parts to identify any defects. disassembled broken and defective equipment to facilitate repair. reassembled equipment after completed repairs. assembled and maintained physical structures using hand and power tools. operated tools such as hoists and saws. routinely inspected machinery and equipment to diagnose malfunctions. used hand tools to replace defective equipment parts. performed pipe fabrication installation and fitting according to proper specifications. inspected pipes and piping systems to assess their quality and condition. hoisted loads using slings chains shackles hooks cables and other rigging equipment. installed and replaced water heaters drain pipes and water supply lines. cut and beveled piping using cutting torches saws and threading machines. performed emergency on-call work hours during the evening weekends and some holidays. installed
__label__TEACHER teacher summary accomplished experienced teacher summary accomplished experienced well educated business minded career seeker who takes great pride in establishing strong and lasting relationships with co-workers parents students and other industry professionals. extremely organized and self-driven. education graduate teaching licensure education may 21 2010 the college of saint scholastica us graduate course gpa 3.58 masters in science degree status in-process two courses outstanding bachelor of arts marketing communications 1998 metropolitan university us marketing communications highlights solid leadership and support skills relationship development and maintenance abilities strong verbal and written communication skills engaging encouraging and motivating prepare and present information logically microsoft office suite information management and edi systems exceptional attention to detail experience teacher oct 2010 to current various elementary and middle schools work autonomously as a leader and interact successfully as a team member. foster relationships of trust and maintain confidentiality. initiate facilitate and moderate classroom discussions. engage and motivate learners by presenting information in a logical manner and revising as needed. conduct research using multiple source modalities plan evaluate and revise course material and methods of instruction to meet the needs of all students. prepare course materials such as unit packets unit activities homework assignments tests quizzes and various handouts. organize and
__label__ENGINEERING mechanical engineering intern summary mechanical engineering intern summary highly motivated mechanical engineering student eit interested in pursuing an engaging position in the corporate setting to implement skills honed through years of engineering background. a dedicated student with problem-solving leadership and communication skills along with the capability to build relationships and work in a team-oriented environment. highlights proficient in solidworks linear control autocad solid mechanics engineering graphics and design microsoft word fluid mechanics microsoft powerpoint thermal analysis project management heat transfer time management skills statics/dynamics written and verbal communication skills material science engineering probability and statistics academic acrylic autocad cad concept engineer-in-training estimating drawing graphics and design laser material science microsoft excel microsoft powerpoint microsoft word design process progress project management reporting research robotics safety solidworks statistics time management verbal communication skills weighing written experience mechanical engineering intern 09/2015 to current worked with a team of four people in ucsd s mae 3 class to build a mobile robot. evaluated parts of the robot using components such as springs high-speed motor and geared motor analyzed and assessed progress of the project by using a gantt chart directed the group in the areas of design process and concept generation energy analysis determined the mobility of the
__label__ENGINEERING director of engineering experience director of engineering experience director of engineering 04/2018 to 05/2018 calero is a leading provider of communications lifecycle management clm solutions designed to turn communication data into actionable insight by simplifying the management of voice mobile and other communications services and assets in control of two new product development teams and one legacy team working driving future growth started the atlanta engineering office hiring 12 junior engineers and enabling them to be productive and working on roadmap items in less than 9 months built new a new platform enabling the existing marquee software product to be multi-tenant and cloud-enabled powering one-click upgrades / migrations seamless movement across nodes and unified performance monitoring 60 of all implementations are now deployed on this platform created a new product segment for mobility including new mobile-first ui design e-bonding self-service responsive portal unbilled usage tracking and workflow-enabled device ordering sr. director software development 04/2016 to 04/2018 cla is an alternative consumer lending providing consumer loans and various financial products lead three different development teams focused on different areas of business consumer lending merchants and medical insurance responsible for business analysts quality assurance database administration product management and software development moved team to agile scum
__label__DESIGNER architectural designer summary over architectural designer summary over three years of experience demonstrating consistency and outstanding work in a design oriented environment. effective communicator great leader creative thinker and problem solver who builds teamwork and possesses initiative to exceed goals. accomplishments letter of appreciation design recognition of the national architectural accrediting board 2014-2015 chicago prize award design recognition and nomination for outstanding project 2012 close the gap d3 competition winner and project exhibition 2011 architectural design conservation second place winner 2008 led the design proposal of the downtown sector of caguas pr including improvements to hardscape landscape and existing buildings led the design proposal of the school s of the 21st century project of san juan pr supervised and managed design and construction documents for the two winning school s santiago veve calzada and santiago iglesias pantin experience architectural designer organized projects in accordance to bim standards discussed design standards and procedures with the directors of design and architecture. created oral and written presentations for project designs and proposals. collaborated with structural engineers and interior designers to see that construction was in line with drawings and designs. coordinated with the project team in the development of preliminary and final design documents managed the design
__label__FITNESS assistant general/operations manager summary assistant general/operations manager summary results-focused management professional offering ten years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success. skills staff training supervision and trainingoperations management staff development inventory control cross-functional team management complex problem solving customer service-oriented appointment scheduling front desk management spa maintenance inventory maintenance employee interviewing and hiring payment tracking systems understands spa services meeting maker familiarity knowledge of ups and fed ex shipping systems hospitality industry knowledge attentive to detail multi-tasker extraordinaire accomplishments leadership served as key contributing member to leadership team. people management hired and mentored all staff streamlined the training of the departments financial management oversaw the budgets and inventory control created new manual for documenting all spa products.served as dermalogica product line expert. experience 01/2013 to 06/2015 assistant general/operations manager managed team of 45 of professionals.served as mentor to junior team members.initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 12 . 07/2012 to 01/2013 general manager informed guests of spa services programs and activities over the phone and in person. addressed all guest complaints and referred any escalated situations to management.checked members
__label__APPAREL administrative assistant summary experienced administrative assistant summary experienced administrative assistant with extensive background providing support to college dean of student success associate vice president of student affairs and vice president of student affairs. technically proficient with experience in using wide range of computer software and systems. provided support and counsel on projects requiring confidentiality independent thinking and competence. processed budgetary issues employee records. triaged and managed student needs. assisted in college wide committees and projects. core qualifications microsoft office suite datatel power campus blackboard student affairs record system sars imagenow siemens call center software professional experience 07/2013 to current administrative assistant responsible for administrative support functions for division dean. maintain schedule and coordinate plans for meetings including logistical catering and technical needs. provide support services for department faculty. supervision/management provide oversight for the federal student worker. process and approve payroll for staff and student worker. budgetary support maintain budget for school of education undergraduate and graduate programs. process requisitions and purchase orders for all school of education budget lines. maintain accurate accounting records. track and manage travel plans and budget. 01/2005 to 01/2011 administrative assistant provide administrative support to the dean of student success and vice president of student affairs. in this capacity responsible
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director business development summary director business development summary specializing in sales related business global account management and new business development. provide proven results-based and relationship-building skills to a dynamic sales organization and combine entrepreneurial drive with business-management skills to propel gains in revenue market share and profit performance. employ extensive international experience and in-depth knowledge of aerospace defense computing industrial and telecom markets. cultivate excellent relationships with existing customers and new prospects. highlights new business development pricing proposal development p l management customer relationship management strategic planning exceptional customer service skills key account management contract negotiations management npi/jdm/odm financials budgeting forecasting experience director business development december 2007 to august 2014 generated several new accounts by implementing effective networking and marketing strategies increasing sales to 120m while maintaining targeted profit metrics. developed innovative business plans to expand vertical products offerings. implemented account plans to assure jdm/odm computing business positioning for 100m new market growth. developed global account strategy for key aerospace and defense accounts. global account manager managed key computing storage accounts resulting in revenue increase from 120m to 480m while exceeding 4 profitability targets. developed and worked with multiple internal facilities to assure customer service and achieved key customer supplier of the year and
__label__HR hr payroll/ accounting representative hr payroll/ accounting representative summary diverse experience in accounting credit union financial services retail sales customer service telemarketing food beverage construction and ironworks. outstanding organizational ability with attention to detail while balancing multiple projects in fast-paced environments with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. demonstrated ability to gain customer trust and provide exceptional service leading to increased repeat and referral business. excellent leadership and motivational skills with exceptional ability at problem solving and resolution. highlights branch suite n.a.d.a appro delta docs coww and other internal programs related to a/p payroll. excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail workers compensation knowledge results-oriented self-directed microsoft office proficiency time management strong problem solver resourceful dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills executive presentation development billing and coding accomplishments finance skills originated new business through professional networking loan reviews and marketing. created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales resulting in an increase in annual sales. accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. produced more account reporting data than required by taking on additional duties. researched and resolved
__label__FITNESS kids club attendant summary kids club attendant summary reliable and friendly customer service and sales associate who quickly learns and masters new concepts and skills. passionate about helping customers and creating a satisfying experience. objective seeking part-time/full-time position as a budtender where i can utilize my customer service skills and extensive knowledge in medical marijuana to building long lasting relationships with patients and community members. skills vast knowledge of strains and their affects trimming experience professional friendly and clean careful and active listener cash handling and pos system knowledge microsoft word literate customer service oriented experience 07/2016 to 10/2016 kids club attendant supervise activities of all assigned children in the kid s club area and ensures child remains in designated area. responsible for general cleaning duties in kids club including disinfecting toys. report all member complaints to kid s club supervisor or operations manager. 04/2016 to 10/2016 service representative greet all incoming members and guests and ensure all check in procedures are followed. operate pos system and ensure open/close/break procedures are followed. promote and sell merchandise. 07/2015 to 04/2016 retail sales associate helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs. maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store. replenished floor
__label__HEALTHCARE manager field professional overview manager field professional overview service focused and strong knowledge of healthcare management client services healthcare systems management social security dfcs and various other platforms and services. core qualifications microsoft office suite excel word and powerpoint knowledgeable in various healthcare information systems to include meditech emr mckesson/stars artiva onbase and host . licensed navigator # 2984352 affordable care act certified knowledeable in cpt coding knowledgeable in icd-10 education b.s sociology june 1995 albany college sociology experience manager field january 2014 to january 2016 responsible for providing high quality client focused service and leadership direction to internal and external operations. provided smooth and efficient operations of all facets of the hospital-patient-change healthcare partnership. in accordance with established policy and federal/state rules and regulations. supervised 6 employees and provided comprehensive and detailed training needed to complete assignments. served as quality assurance specialist to ensure that each application completed was correct. completed yearly performance evaluations monitored leave and punctuality for employees. met all yearly goals at 95 for district and exceeded in some areas by 3 . trustworthy and committed to superior customer service. confident in interactions with individuals at all levels. assisted with billed accounts and approval rate for revenue. healthcare representative january
__label__DESIGNER lead instructional designer summary lead instructional designer summary an instructional system designer of distinguished and successful experience with all facets of training and professional development design and implementation. a high-energy team member dedicated to providing holistic and cost effective training. extensive background in administration training development and instruction. highlights microsoft office word excel outlook power point secret clearance job analysis experience lead instructional designer 03/2015 to 01/2017 completed poam job analysis critical training task analysis course master schedules course outline document and required resources list for seven u.s. navy courses. developed an excel program to reduce production and editing time for deliverable documents reduced time needed by 33 from 6 to 4 months. fostered a relationship with the contract program manager and the end customer by listening to their wants and needs and offering options to achieve their goals. taught two classes on effective welding techniques for the norfolk naval shipyard. wrote a diesel engine maintenance course with powerpoint presentations physical training aids wall displays and hands on practice and evaluation sheets. designed a course to incorporate 3d modeling engines to reduce training cost and increase the individual training repetitions by 200 . senior training manager 05/2010 to 02/2015 identified 8 students with learning
__label__FITNESS ws bartender on call ws bartender on call summary hardworking and reliable fitness specialist with strong ability in multitasking. offering basics monitoring and providing positive energy. highly organized proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality. enthusiastic individual with superior skills in working in both team-based and independent capacities. bringing strong work ethic and excellent organizational skills to any setting. excited to begin new challenge with successful team. energetic group fitness instructor with strong background in hiit basic fundamentals and zumba instruction. highly motivated to help others reach health and fitness goals. inspiring fitness trainer with sound bmi knowledge and comprehensive experience performing fitness assessments. friendly and energetic with ability to network and counsel clients on health and fitness goals. skills phone call answering physically strong communication and presentation observation answering inbound calls hipaa and confidentiality client coordination personalized service monitoring progress patient relationships current fitness trends designing exercise programs fitness assessments exercise equipment operation safety-conscious planning and coordination organization relationship development customer service first aid/cpr team building problem resolution project organization experience bartender on call / - 08/2019 - current checked identification of customers to verify age requirements needed for purchase of alcohol. confirmed customers ages for alcohol service and discontinued service to intoxicated guests.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS special events coordinator summary special events coordinator summary marketing and public relations professional with over five years experience in campaign management strategic media communications social media management and event planning seeking position as marketing coordinator with milk + honey. excellent verbal and written communication skills sound knowledge of marketing principles market project management-motivated confident multi-tasks creative innovative and energetic social media savvy highlights excellent verbal and written communication skills sound knowledge of marketing principals market project management-motivated confident multi-tasks creative energetic social media savvy accomplishments conceptualized and launched the campaign marketing campaign which led to a number increase in sales. initiated groundbreaking pr campaign for a television which secured number additional public interest compared against earlier efforts. ran communications and public relations efforts on number project type projects with budgets totaling amount . served as products product line expert. experience special events coordinator june 2014 to current - established and maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community consumer employee and public interest groups. cultivated positive relationships with the community through public relations campaigns. estimated project costs and monitored budgets.developed corporate communications strategies and programs including project timelines. managed official page on facebook to facilitate interaction with supporters. coordinated monthly and quarterly marketing and community
__label__HR hr coordinator summary motivated hr coordinator summary motivated professional seeking a career in outsides sales. self-starting driven persuasive and positive attitude is sure to be an asset to any company. trilingual english spanish and french. exceptional listening skills and customer focused attitude has proven to have profitable outcomes. highlights sales strong lead development skills goal-oriented persuasive communication expertise multi-task management project management payroll system expertise creative problem solving staff development/training client relations internal auditing reporting business development hris expertise accomplishments top seller in several contests consistently surpassed sales dollar quota experience hr coordinator january 2011 to current review federal and laws to confirm and enforce compliance for 9 offices maintain all i-9 records address inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent hr policies and procedures create and manage more than 285 confidential personnel records run the semi-monthly payroll process process all salary changes stemming from merit increases promotions bonuses and pay adjustments successfully led key implementation for time and attendance on-boarding and core payroll systems which led to reduction of overall cost and time lead yearly open enrollment training sessions with employees on benefit program updates work with outside
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology consultant highlights information technology consultant highlights software ms word outlook powerpoint excel access crm adobe acrobat xi professional snag-ittm hot docs legal document generation software ms windows xp/vista/7/8 ms windows server 2000/2003. hardware build repair and upgrade desktop computers. repair and upgrade laptop computers. install and setup servers printers and routers. experience information technology consultant 12/2009 to 02/2016 basic computer network setup and troubleshooting. install software and printers. computer repair and upgrade for individuals. microsoft excel spreadsheet creation. accomplishments setup network for small non-profit organization. created organizational spreadsheets for daily operations and marketing for small businesses. upgraded sql and time matters for edward s.clay p.a. office administrator/billing assistant 08/2015 to 01/2016 assisted with administrative duties in the operations departments. created airtime spreadsheets and assists with revenue reporting. assisted with data entry into an internal billing system ucap . assisted with downloading various airtime carrier s invoices and data files. assisted with monthly airtime billing using ucap. assisted with the activation/deactivation of sims/devices. ran usage and airtime reports as requested by the customer. reconciled each carrier s charges to ucap output. placed orders received and shipped packages. funding settlement coordinator/office manager 08/2011 to 08/2015 responsible for getting clients assets re-titled into their respective
__label__SALES sales team executive summary sales team executive summary results-focused management professional offering 25 years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrates the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success. core qualifications operations management staff development inventory control compensation/benefits administration policy/program development staff training supervision and training sound judgment computer-savvy calm under pressure complex problem solving microsoft applications forecasting excellent writing skills billing attention to detail multi-state payroll exceptionally organized record-keeping i-9 documentation accounts payable professional experience sales team nov 2015 to feb 2016 - delivered unparalleled customer services greeted and assisted customers responded to customer inquiries and complaints in a professional and timely manner. communicated product knowledge to the customer and recommend merchandise selections. trained in visual merchandising and organization. monitored sales activities and productivity ensured register transaction where completed accurately and in accordance with policy. excellent communication verbal and written skills. strong organizational skills and ability to mulit-task in a fast paced environment. sales team nov 2015 to jan 2016 - provided outstanding customer services maintained displays and store appearance ensured customer satisfaction at every of sale. opened and closed store in accordance with policies. recommended new products and upcoming events. extensive sales and
__label__CHEF bistro chef career overview bistro chef career overview a result-oriented client s service professional with over 28 years of experience in client relations. encompasses the ability to establish and build positive relationships with clients and all level of coworker or management building strong relations through effective communications. core strengths customer and client relations bookkeeping and accounting inventory control scheduling of personnel problem solving strategic planning strong oral communications accomplishments certified to go above and beyond and providing quality and outstanding customer service. customer recognition for outstanding and consistent customer support. selected to learn new computer programs and then train others. work experience bistro chef 01/2014 to current responsibilities include taking customer orders addressing customer inquires opening and closing of establishment preparing food inventory control problem solving and cash register operation. customer service rep 01/2011 to 01/2013 responded to customer inquiries at a fast pace call center. maintained records processing payments to include set up of payment arrangements. assisted customers by explaining detailed billing formats and troubleshooting customer s equipment. reported outages in affected areas and re-laid information to customers. kitchen manager 01/2010 to 01/2011 responsible for customer orders as well as customer inquiries opening and closing of establishment maintaining records and placing inventory orders.
__label__SALES sales executive summary sales sales executive summary sales and customer service professional with proven record of accomplishment growing client list and maintaining existing clients. delivered consistent gains in growth profits and customer satisfaction and retention through expertise in customer relationship management. expert troubleshooter innovative problem-solver. proactive in ensuring high levels of client satisfaction. diverse sales experience selling to businesses in medical and commercial as well as selling to consumers. exceptional communication and interpersonal skills talent for quickly establishing rapport cultivating relationships and building loyalty by becoming a trusted customer resource. unparalleled commitment to customer retention by providing superior service. disciplined independent driven and motivated professional with experience in many industries selling to buyers at all levels. both a hunter and a harvester who enjoys prospecting presenting and closing the sale as well as client retention and stellar customer service. highlights grew placements with ffcc inc. from under a hundred thousand to over two and a half million per month. the had five collectors when i accepted the position and they have well over 80 collectors now. fees grew from under 20 000.00 per month to over 100 000.00 per month. started a new for silent owners in the tri area and required another employee
__label__ARTS warehouse lead executive profile warehouse lead executive profile a position in warehouse management requiring a self-starter with a reputation for dependability highly qualified warehouse professional with cross functional and cross industry management experience including staff training inventory control shipping receiving and customer service. responsible for achieving production goals coaching and motivating staff through workshops setting up incentive programs and supervising all operations with accountability to management extensive inventory control including ordering supplies disbursing materials and equipment factory returns vendor contact and negotiations and maintaining stock levels maintained focus on achieving bottom line results while formulating and implementing technology and business solutions to meet a variety of needs personnel management experience includes recruiting interviewing hiring / dismissing training scheduling performance evaluation promotion and employee relations. excellent organizational talents demonstrated in ability to prioritize high volume workload schedule and plan projects multitask delegate as needed and pay close attention to details while meeting commitment and deadlines. strong communication skills include ability to interact in a positive and productive manner listen effectively give or take direction articulate ideas clearly and write concisely. perform all job functions according to sop / procedure manuals as well as contributing to the technical writing of manuals and to profitability of company.
__label__TEACHER kindergarten teacher summary dedicated kindergarten teacher summary dedicated educator committed to creating a classroom atmosphere that is stimulating encouraging and supportive for all students. skilled esl instructor who uses effective and efficient methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student. skills microsoft office academic assessment methods whole brain teaching techniques as classroom management/procedures certified esl instructor proficiency in differentiated insdtruction co-teaching experience in kindergarten experienced with smart board proficient in ms word powerpoint excel experience 09/2013 to current kindergarten teacher implemented daily 5 language arts and daily 3 math multi-tier system of supports mtss proficient in dibel and trc assessments differentiated tasks/activities collaborating member of the schedule committee for spec/lre co-teach with lbs1 in language arts and math 09/2007 to 09/2013 first grade teacher collaborated with colleagues on developing new classroom projects and monthly themes. encouraged children to be understanding of others. promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. 09/1999 to 09/2007 third grade teacher created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. distributed quarterly educational assessments similar to report cards to each parent. local school council teacher representative education 2015 ell endorsement north park university endorsement 2002 m.a teacher leadership roosevelt university teacher leadership 1998
__label__DESIGNER freelance website designer summary freelance website designer summary marine corps trained leader and business development specialist. with an extensive background in many facets throughout the operational side of a business i always seek out ways to assist and improve my teams training and overall performance. i have in 12+ years of experience in website development internet research and seo 4 years experience in purchasing training and supply chain control for the military 15+ years in b2b/b2c sales business loan brokering and real estate investment training. i bring with me an impeccable work ethic thanks to my time in the marines to ensure an exemplary outcome to all goals that my position requires. experience freelance website designer 09/2012 to current specialized in cold calls to business owners looking for a web designer or online marketing manager for their businesses online presence and marketing necessities. focused on sales for websites and website development logo designs and online marketing services/materials on a remote independent contractor for hire basis. cross selling of widget applications and installation assistance for current and newly designed websites with tracking links for lead development and follow up. sales and creation of ads back links marketing promotions on sites such as twitter facebook and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology administrator professional information technology administrator professional profile i am a jack of all trades it guy at one of the premier intellectual property law schools in the world whose job description and responsibilities continue to evolve with the ever-changing opportunities that new technology provides. extremely self-motivated detail oriented and organized i thrive most when presented with opportunities to creatively solve new and interesting challenges. qualifications systems administration strong verbal and written communication vast help desk experience team leadership network administration extensive knowledge of apple products project management innovative legal experience experience information technology administrator 09/2014 to current i oversee the purchasing management and maintenance of all infrastructure-related hardware and software while simultaneously overseeing end-user hardware and software support for a law school with roughly 85 fte faculty/staff and 275 students with a roughly 1 1 pc mac user ratio. i work closely with the durham campus all it vendors and our bsc office to develop and manage the it budget including all it-related service and maintenance contracts while also developing and maintaining it policies as they relate to law school operations and academics. duties include managing a 5-host 40-server vmware farm help desk system network monitoring system campus-wide physical/building security system id
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology certified technician information technology certified technician summary over nineteen years of experience in information technology.information technology professional with well-developed interpersonal communication organizational and presentation skills. solutions-focused team oriented senior technical support analyst with broad-based experience and hands-on skills in the successful implementation of highly effective desktop support operations. a broad understanding of computer hardware and software including installation configuration management trouble-shooting and support. extensive experience with hp products to include desktop laptop high-end mfp devices and web jetadmin areas of direct expertise include project coordination design in-depth technical support corporate desktop support microsoft os experience including installations-configuration-imaging migration and registry editing. network and citrix experience. recommendations listed on roz arasmo - estee lauder companies inc. human resources administrator it is with great pleasure do i take this opportunity to write this recommendation on such an extra ordinary individual who is not only an awesome person to know but a wonderful colleague as well. during the almost ten 10 years of knowing bill he has not only displayed a great talent within the it organization at estee lauder but has distributed excellent skills and customer service to everyone throughout the company. he is extremely well thought of from every level of management to
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager career business development manager career overview career overview dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. automotive/ motor vehicle healthcare pharmacy technician. experience highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 20 years client interface experience. i have experience working in automotive industry for the past 15 years. qualified customer service manager offering a record of successful job performance proven problem solving ability and experience developing and implementing innovative solutions. call center representative versed in customer support in high call volume environments. superior computer skills and telephone etiquette. as a pharmacy technician with 1 year of retail pharmacy experience. self starter with knowledge of medicaid and medicare procedures. hardworking multitask oriented organized service driven dependable committed customer focused dedicated detail oriented experience focused and gifted. relocation at this time relocation would not be good for me but in the future is possible. hourly rate 18.00 salary open core strengths customer service expert adaptive team player excellent telephone etiquette. creative problem solving critical thinking customer service data collection data entry documentation email executive management support filing grammar strong organizational skills. core strengths sharp problem solver active listening skills energetic work attitude customer service expert adaptive team player sharp problem
__label__FITNESS group fitness instructor summary group fitness instructor summary my passion is to inspire class members to get fit stay fit. i believe that yoga is a key element of fitness along with strength cardio training that leads to a long happy fulfilled life. my classes are fun yet challenging and engaging that encourage all participants to feel good about themselves and come back for more. skills afaa group exercise boot camp training running 101 afaa - step certification afaa - kickboxing certification yogafit certified - level 1 les mills - body pump 42 bts - group power les mills - body attack 51 spinning les mills - body attack 55 ifta - group fitness ifta - personal trainer aim i - body attack 75 aim ii - body attack 77 les mills - cx worx 12 aim ii - body attack 78 les mills - body attack 82 les mills - rpm 60 les mills - new zealand 2 wks cpr - thru 6-17-17 aim i - body pump 94 les mills - grit 13 accomplishments i have introduced launched a number of new fitness programs in wilmington nc gyms. in 2002 i became certified to teach body pump and was one of the
__label__SALES d2b sales career overview d2b sales career overview highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 10 years client interface experience.reliable customer service representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account management environments.dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. core strengths strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver courteous demeanor energetic work attitude customer service expert telecommunication skills adaptive team player opening/closing procedures accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. work experience d2b sales may 2015 developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding sales goals.achieved high sales percentage with consultative value-focused customer service approach. customer service sep 2013 maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments returns and exchanges.created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction. customer service rep sep 2013 to may 2015 prevented store losses using awareness attention to detail and integrity.maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments returns and exchanges.created new processes and systems for increasing
__label__APPAREL membership sales representative professional membership sales representative professional profile motivated professional with over twenty years of experience in business management and customer service seeking front desk manager position at the claremont club. ability to turn around under-performing departments to create profitable departments by building strong relationships recruiting talent training teams and establishing and managing processes. self-starter with positive attitude and strong problem solving skills. qualifications self-motivated strategic and creative thinker outgoing and cheerful attitude team training and development process improvement interpersonal oral and written communication skills experience membership sales representative 01/2015 to current achieve monthly individual and team sales and attrition goals by enrolling prospective members in the club utilizing the relationship selling process. take the sales process beyond the close and through to the initial on-boarding of a new client. decrease monthly attrition by providing an enthusiastic level of service to all existing members. create personal monthly plans outlining specific in-house and community activities to generate new sales. develop and maintain excel spreadsheets for sales tracking purposes. support the club programs staff and members. health wellness coach 08/2014 to 01/2015 achieved personal training and fitness non-dues revenue program sales goals. effectively utilized the visual fitness planner program and features to transition members into
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS p director information systems p director information systems pacs administrator/is systems analyst summary i have developed a solid history of managing multiple projects and employees simultaneously while implementing workable strategies with a constant focus on the future of the company. the combination of my proven success in it management project management pacs development and implementation with the communication skills developed as a public relations manager creates a rare level of proficiency and problem-solving ability which will complement the success of any project or department. highlights computer skills windows pc and server os platforms through current ms office ms sql server 2000-2008 unix linux internet explorer adobe photoshop frontpage dreamweaver flash powerpoint photo finish pagemaker wordperfect imap4 plus many others.. pacs/his related cpsi - all modules of his chartlink clientware emr - all versions of imagelink pacs software and server systems directed development non-cpsi - mckesson pacs e-film philips isite sectra ge centricity - current ge philips toshiba siemens konica kodak and fuji radiology modalities us ct cr mr etc as400 hms speechq mmodal docqroute kronos hms letters of reference material examples available upon request accomplishments as the director of information systems for south baldwin rmc i was responsible for leveraging all technology security and
__label__DESIGNER floral designer summary personable floral designer summary personable customer service associate dedicated to providing the highest level of customer service. outgoing and efficient with the capacity to multi-task. highlights inventory control employee scheduling cash handling and banking floral designer organized placing orders in person and over the phone customer service excellent multi-tasker experience june 2013 to march 2016 floral designer designed arrangements for wide range of events which included wedding and corporate parties. i did all of the prep work as well. i kept the showroom clean and maintained properly for display january 2011 to december 2012 floral designer opened and closed the store which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs as well as floral designing. april 2008 to august 2009 cashier cashier main function. in addition helped unloaded trucks stocked shelves and carried merchandise out on the floor for customers. marked clearance products with updated price tags. october 2002 to april 2008 manager/floral designer opened and closed the store which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. helped
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist discountpcfix information technology specialist discountpcfix summary i am obsessed with technology. it s power to change everything. technology fuels my passion and commitment to helping organizations do what they set out to. when i engage i bring fresh ideas that help your team galvanize performance. refine your strategy. spark new energy. the future and how we get there depends on those who build connect create and transform our world. accomplished with over 10 years of information technology support experience. highly articulate capable experienced installing and updating hardware and software systems for users. known for effectively optimizing systems to meet changing demands enhancing collaboration and improving security. experienced operations analyst with first-rate skills in organizing problem solving and project management. ready to apply experience and abilities to take on new professional challenges. passionate and driven professional with remarkable analytical and problem solving skills. expert quality assurance tester offering five years of experience in detailed technical and system specifications. provides a collaborative style and has well-developed communication skills. seeking a role in test reporting and defect resolution. well-rounded team player with dynamic written and verbal communication skills. hardworking and resourceful team player. history of going above and beyond to achieve notable results. offering
__label__FITNESS veterinary assistant summary to veterinary assistant summary to obtain a job within my chosen field that will challenge me and allow me to use my education skills and past experiences in a way that is mutually beneficial to both myself and my employer for future growth and advancement. skills patient assessment blood draws fecal sample analysis instrument packing surgical set-up and assisting anesthetic nursing blood smears swine teeth clipping swine tail docking radiology surgical prep digital x-ray film x-ray ultrasound vaccination set-up and administration post-surgical care wound care swine ear notching ovine and caprine ear tagging parasite identification small and large animal restraining animal cpcr administer microchip dentistry refractometer reading compound microscope centrifuge anesthetic machine experience 09/2015 to current veterinary assistant spay and neuter clinic. also provides vaccinations heart worm prevention microchipping heart worm testing flea and tick prevention leukemia/fiv testing deworming. my responsibilities include assisting the doctor in surgery answering phones checking in patients checking out patients scheduling appointments prepping animals for surgery anesthesia monitoring packing instruments cleaning kennels post-surgical care administering vaccines and microchips iv catheter placement intubating dogs and cats client education 02/2000 to 02/2005 trainer/waitress/bartender/shift leader popular family restaurant chain that serves a variety of food drink and alcoholic beverages.
__label__HEALTHCARE home healthcare technician summary home healthcare technician summary certified nursing assistant with 3+ years work in fast-paced environment handling confidential paperwork administering medication and providing quality patient carehardworking skilled at wound care mobility assistance and charting. highly flexible and willing to work all shifts. e xperience serving chronically ill patients including assisting with daily living activities and household tasks. patient and highly compassionate. home health care and hospice care settings. established record of reliability and creating positive rapport with patients family and staff. currently certified with national health association. six years experience with physically disabled client. monitored vital signs assisted with feeding bathing/grooming positioning and range of motion exercises. looking for a permant care position with a health care facility that i can stay with and give my time and skills to. skills clinical training strong medical ethic enthusiastic caregiver extensive medical terminology knowledge practiced inpatient and outpatient caregiver patient/familyfocused blood withdrawal certification abides by infection control standards flow sheet charting skillfulness cpr/bls certified talent in obtaining/charting vital signs patient positioning understanding qualified in specimen collection/processing abides by infection control standards aed certification problem resolution ability medical assisting specialist quality control procedures strong organizational skills active listening skills courteous demeanor energetic work attitude inventory
__label__FITNESS flight attendant summary former flight attendant summary former police detective with 22 years of experience. specialized in investigating organized crime money laundering financial fraud bank fraud and tax fraud cases. well experienced in traditional and digital/web based investigations. swat/firearms/driving/defensive tactics trainer experience. highlights financial crimes investigator id theft investigator insurance fraud court testimony skilled interrogator firearms/driving instructor gps tracking services undercover investigations accomplishments created the internet forensic detective position to support all investigation types. pioneered the use of asset forfeiture in fraud investigations seizing over 50 000 in assets in one year. developed a training program that increased liquor enforcement by 500 . implemented a gis case tracking system. sustained a 100 conviction rate for assigned fraud cases. experience flight attendant 10/2013 to current took this job for the time to write two novels about terrorism and police/military response good bye seattle and avenge seattle personal fitness trainer 09/2011 to 10/2013 designed and conducted individualized fitness programs developed and implemented an access based database for programs and exercises for trainers. fraud detective 08/2005 to 09/2011 pioneered asset forfeiture procedures for fraud unit over 50 000 in criminal proceeds and equipment being converted to support investigations. created the internet forensic detective position increasing our detectives
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern summary candidate engineering intern summary candidate with a fifteen months experience in production supervising and manufacturing seeking opportunity in field of quality supply chain and manufacturing highlights dmaic failure modes and effective analysis fmea kaizen lean manufacturing 5s value stream mapping root cause analysis pfmea quality tools statistical process control process capability anova gage r r software programmable logic controls plc discrete control system dcs microsoft office minitab pro-e working knowledge of auto-cad c++ c visual basics process flow diagram accomplishments manufacturing a 9 volt battery with minimum process variability and cost of production jan 2014 - april 2014 designed statistical experiment to derive significant factors in manufacturing a baking soda based 9v battery analyzed the voltage readings to achieve 9v with little variation possible by adjusting factors and at low cost using anova fractional factorial central composite design cost analysis t-tests path of steepest ascent applied statistical process control tools to check whether the process is in-control used capability analysis to compare actual process performance to the performance standards established by customers. implementing quality assurance tools like method of steepest ascent response surface modelling statistical process control process capability analysis to achieve the continuous production of consistent output 9v batteries achieved
__label__BANKING soho properties summer analyst soho properties summer analyst areas of expertise microsoft excel - financial modeling powerpoint and word fluent in four indian languages - hindi tamil telugu and kannada tennis won multiple and national titles as a junior and consistently ranked top 10 in india work experience soho properties summer analyst manhattan based development firm performed multiple feasibility analyses for potential residential and hotel development projects evaluated terms and covenants of equity and debt partnership proposals to supplement analyses faciliated in restructuring partnerships to accommodate lp s in a 300m times sq. hotel project identified a suitable component of debt financing by comparing eb-5 to mezzanine debt prepared agendas scheduled and managed executive committee meetings for ongoing projects massey knakal capital services intern brooklyn new york nyc s #1 building sales firm worked alongside the director of capital services for all aspects of finance operations including origination underwriting and execution for both acquisitions and refinancings restructured a 33m cross-collaterized loan secured by a 7 building mixed-use portfolio performed market analyses which consisted of evaluating current and past demographic data market trends and comparables used to support assumptions created offering memorandums for lenders. strategy analyst middle market and luxury real estate development firm. performed
__label__TEACHER substitute teacher skills outlook substitute teacher skills outlook excel word powerpoint quickbooks and onenote experience 09/2016 to current substitute teacher design learning environment to meet educational development objectives. responsible for classroom schedule subject matter selection of materials and media development of learning activities and documentation of plans. establish positive relationships with students parents fellow teachers and school administrators/staff. provide regular feedback to parents regarding work and behavior in class. 09/2015 to 04/2016 maintenance technician managed 100+ lots and ensured maintenance requests were fulfilled in a timely matter. maintained electrical plumbing and landscaping. informed management of potentially dangerous electrical equipment and faulty instrumentation. recommended new equipment and maintenance procedures to the facility manager. 04/2012 to 06/2014 sales associate enthusiastically conversed with customers about purchase needs and available products. inquired about buying experience item preferences and future purchases. tracked inventory and prepared for promotions by setting up displays adding signage and retagging merchandise. recommended appropriate items and direct or lead customers to selections. education and training bachelor of arts business administration management eastern oregon university business administration management skills buying experience documentation inventory selection of materials excel outlook powerpoint word plumbing quickbooks
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant summary business development consultant summary experienced in all aspects of sales cycle from business development prospect pipeline building lead creation and close. experience 07/2015 to current business development consultant initiated and closed sales for a large independent insurance agency in western wisconsin used consultative selling skills to identify exposure to risk and tailored insurance policies to address those concerns managed customer accounts built lasting relationships with customers and grew account base within territory. 07/2010 to 07/2015 p c producer and sales agent initiated and closed sales for a large independent insurance agency in western wisconsin used consultative selling skills to identify exposure to risk and tailored insurance policies to address those concerns managed customer accounts built lasting relationships with customers and grew account base within territory. 07/2006 to 07/2010 sales representative initiated and closed sales for a commercial and residential roofing contractor established positive relations with customers and developed a timeline for project completion arranged delivery of materials availability of labor and managed projects through completion. education may 2006 bachelor of arts liberal arts environmental studies geography university of minnesota duluth liberal arts environmental studies geography skills agency delivery insurance materials policies roofing selling sales
__label__DESIGNER floral designer summary i floral designer summary i have been involved in the retail industry for over 44 years. in those years i have been employed as a sales associate or as a floral designer. i have also been in those years a assistant manager a manager and a retail store owner with complete skills in day to day operations problem solving training employee motivations encouragement merchandising ordering product and in every aspect of human resources that i was responsible to know and implement in the retail establishment i was employed by at that time if my service to them highlights effective retail sales manager exceptional leader excellent communication skills compelling leadership skills resolution-oriented exceptional multi-tasker organization store operations team-oriented team leadership employee training accomplishments i have been rewarded for my continue effort to always going above and beyond what was expected to do from my employers. experience 08/2015 to 06/2016 floral designer i was employed as a floral designer and to eventually manage their floral shop. 06/2015 to 06/2016 designer i am the main floral designer for the shop. my designs have been place in the shops currant brochures and in several magazines that they advertise in. i have been rewarded several times
__label__ARTS inside account manager summary inside account manager summary inside account manager with eight years experience at shi to fill inside sales team manager position. strong organizational analytical problem resolution skills and vast account knowledge. highlights team leadership customer service expert experienced in volume licensing staff training excellent time management organized and meticulous computer-savvy adept multi-tasker experience inside account manager 06/2006 to current daily responsibilities include quoting customer relations and order management. experience in training new hires to develop necessary skills and techniques to meet the needs of our clients. constant adaptation to new opportunities and challenges for the multiple accounts handled. developed empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding service expectations. exclusively handles microsoft spla sandia national labs account and multi-year 8m novell contract. event manager and sales associate 09/2005 to 05/2006 responsible for stock management customer relations and providing knowledgeable assistance. leader of demonstrations for various gaming products. earned joy maker award for outstanding customer service. house manager and box office sales 09/2003 to 05/2005 experienced in customer relations staff training and sales. utilized computer databases and multiple applications. acted as a liaison between performers directors and patrons to keep events on schedule. skills sales center ax shoes crm sharepoint catalog management
__label__BANKING internship professional overview experiences internship professional overview experiences collecting and analyzing data with statistical methods familiar with r and sas programing great knowledge of experiment design sampling techniques and documents management. strong skills in communication group-working and work-planning. core qualifications strong knowledge of sas r and ssps programming excellent research skills microsoft word excel powerpoint excellent quantitative skills team leadership organizational planning leadership/communication skills customer-oriented education university of missouri 2015 master of science statistics the united states president of chinese students and scholars association 3.7 gpa coursework in practical statistical models data analysis 1 2 3 statistical software and data analysis introduction of probability theory statistical inference time series analysis survival analysis experimental design current development in statistics. sas advanced license thesis/dissertation projects a. time from 2014 january to 2014 match title the relationship between the mathematical grade of the seventh grade and grades from primary school. brief process use linear model to fit transformed variables from the data after getting rid of useless columns choose the most significant variables to form the final model based on persuasive diagnostic values. achievements from the project the mathematical grade of the seventh grade is significantly influenced by the reading counting and logistic ability at the first
__label__APPAREL brand manager summary brand brand manager summary brand manager with a strong merchandising background. experience in business development sales and marketing. understands and excels at analytical and creative thinking. highlights excellent time management skills strong communicator entrepreneurial thinker self-motivated goal-oriented experience 07/2015 to current brand manager leads in the analysis and development of merchandising strategies across all categories with a focus on sales gross margin conversion customer retention and acquisition develops and manages relationships with top level accounts while establishing new and cultivating existing business accounts partners with merchandise planning on all forecast changes and margin challenges to achieve financial targets collaborates with e-commerce and marketing teams to ensure that on-site and email promotions reflect merchandising and brand strategies secures and builds strategic brand partnerships 11/2013 to 06/2015 associate omni buyer men s nautica sportswear - developed annual financial plans at the classification and vendor level strategized custom assortments to meet sales and margin plan identified product and trend opportunities within classifications strategized key items and promotions negotiated product availability distribution and pricing to maximize profits and margin 07/2012 to 10/2013 assistant buyer men s dress casual pants - assisted buyer in monthly forecasting at vendor and department level tracked and managed receipt flow
__label__DESIGNER lead ux/ui designer executive lead ux/ui designer executive profile insightful ux/ui designer with experience in both agile and waterfall environments. adept at distilling abstract concepts into solid elegant defined web and mobile applications. seeking position with the chance to develop a s creative direction. review of my work can be found on http //www.krop.com/mikal-ali/ skill highlights adobe creative suite target process html/css leadership/communication skills product development self-motivated user-centered design design layout and typography wire-framing axure sketch fireworks illustrator small business development project management interactive prototypes heuristic evaluation style-guide creation professional experience lead ux/ui designer sep 2014 to jun 2016 lead ux/ui designer at diligent an industry leader in secure document management software. primary role included lead for two web applications diligent s client provisioning portal and client management portal. the provisioning web application portal is used by diligent s account managers to set up new clients. my tasks were to successfully design set up client companies with unique settings permissions and bulk licensing procurement. the client application portal is designed to be used by the client s administrators to manage users. the app featured bulk and singular user on-boarding license management and cunsumtion locking and resetting users auditing and login methods for both local
__label__ARTS instructional coach summary i instructional coach summary i am a passionate hard-working educator with over 30 years of experience in curriculum instruction and professional development. i have worked as an elementary teacher sacramento county office of education curriculum specialist and instructional coach providing on-site support and professional development for teachers and administrators throughout the state. most recently i have focused on helping districts transition to the common core standards and i have led numerous trainings on their implementation and effective use in the classroom. experience 11/2011 to 01/2015 instructional coach conducted research-based professional development trainings for teachers and staff in direct interactive instruction common core implementation strategies and achievement-focused coaching provided training and assistance in standards-based lesson design to support all students with a particular focus on english language learners delivered in-classroom coaching services that included demonstration lessons co-plan/co-teach sessions and observation/feedback consultations supported districts with the implementation of the synced solution a web-based tool that provides a ccss scope and sequence for english language arts and mathematics k-12 unit progress monitoring assessments and integration of existing textbooks and materials utilized pc microsoft office word outlook and internet search engines on a daily basis. 08/1997 to 12/2009 01/2015 to 01/2012 curriculum specialist english language
__label__TEACHER homebound teacher career focus homebound teacher career focus utilize skills and talents in order to plan direct and manage the procurement of food products equipment and services that meet the requirements and standards of the child nutrition program by planning appropriate menus following the dietary guidelines and maintaining a safe and sanitary environment. highlights extensive hospitality background food ingredients expert food safety understanding highly responsible and reliable works well under pressure exceptional interpersonal skills accomplishments team building and leadership created collaborative classroom experiences served as student mentor and counselor for students when academic problems and personal adjustments by meeting with guardians to reach solutions. motivated students to engage with course materials by organizing engaging class activities and relating subject matters to personal experiences. experience 02/2015 to current homebound teacher implement educational philosophy and goals of our district as related to teks education requirements. follow mandatory guidelines in order to keep effective records as governed by the homebound program. collaborate with campus teachers in order to ensure the success of the homebound student encourage and facilitate parent participation in the learning and educating of the homebound student utilize administrative skills to help effectively facilitate collaboration amongst the home campus teachers parents and homebound department provide
__label__SALES sales associate summary actively sales associate summary actively seeking a full time position in technology within an organization utilizing my skillset and innovation to grow in a success driven atmosphere. highlights win10 8 7 vista xp server 2013 ipad tablets hardware pc setup/configuration/integration/ printers monitors routers scanners cables software ie 10 9 ms suite adobe reader firefox mozilla wi-fi experience sales associate nov 2011 to current interact and assist customers co-workers loss prevention and management take direction from supervisor on assigned tasks and notify upon completion notify loss prevention of suspicious activity and safety hazards answer phone provide customer service on sales floor while assisting with recovery. materials handler jun 2008 to mar 2009 extract parts from inventory for kits to be assembled on production floor audits notify supervisor of completed tasks data entry technical support. mailroom clerk oct 2007 to feb 2008 process incoming/outgoing mail via electronic processor distribute interoffice mail retrieve files for underwriter department follow up with supervisor with updates on progress faxing copying . warehouse clerk dec 2006 to oct 2007 assist shipping manager prepare outgoing orders assist supervisor verify incoming supplies from receiving dock and replenish back into inventory record new inventory counts and follow up with supervisor to
__label__FITNESS customer service representactive summary customer service representactive summary energetic customer service associate with strong time management skills who thrives in a fast-paced dynamic environment. dedicated customer service representative who provides exceptional customer service through active listening and problem solving. call center representative with expertise providing customer support in high call volume environments. exceptional computer aptitude and telephone etiquette. hands-on customer service manager effective in motivating others to reach their optimum potential. highlights ms office proficient at-home daycare professional emotionally supportive self-sufficient and confident positive and optimistic people-oriented creative problem solver exceptional communication skills quick learner strong client relations credit card processing multi-line phone talent accomplishments exceeded all goal and personal goals. excellent average handle time and outstanding customer satisfaction reports. received numerous compliments from members. experience customer service representactive 08/2014 to current processed applications payments corrections endorsements and cancellations. submitted up-to-date activity and production logs to agency management for review. presented and clearly explained insurance policy options to clients based on their needs and goals. called 20-30 lapsed customers each day to inquire about continuing needs. handled escalated calls. researched cases pay by phone handled vendor return unit calls and also took supervisor calls. became a researcher/supervisor within 3 months of start date. office
__label__FINANCE finance and operations manager finance and operations manager experience finance and operations manager 07/2017 to current brought on board to centralize progress in district. task with overseeing designated managers that monitor employee productivity timely scheduling and provide updated trainings. institute policies goals objectives and procedures. challenge to construct and maintain effective cash flow monitoring system review financial statements audit sales commission and activity reports. analyze performance data to measure productivity and steer continuous improvement initiatives with emphasis on recognizing cost streams and reducing expenses. authorize various software platforms for employees. oversee inventory management purchasing and distribution. realign internal processes with introduction of inventory recording systems for the district. allocate monthly budget and create tentative forecast for proceeding month. financial analyst 07/2013 to 07/2014 selected to examine accounting records to compile financial information and reconcile reports. incorporated detailed research to process journal entries and author financial reports. proactively developed process analysis while maintaining clear open lines of communication with leadership. scrutinized current and past financial data trends and performance to champion financial improvements. financial impact boosted overall sales from 4m annually in 2017 to 6.7m in 2019 using direct actions to drive uptick in both revenue and number of locations for two consecutive years. introduced
__label__FITNESS group fitness coordinator professional group fitness coordinator professional summary highly motivated wellness professional seeking an opportunity to advance my career with a position providing the community with programs and services to further their knowledge and involvement in wellness activities. ability to design develop implement and evaluate health and wellness programs strong interpersonal skills with experience in educating members and community about health related topics innovative in designing and carrying out projects advanced understanding and experience with the wellness industry maintain high level of organizational communication and service oriented skills basic understanding of fitness testing and evaluation concepts professional experience group fitness coordinator 05/2012 to 10/2015 directed and supervised the group fitness program which included staffing and evaluation of 30+ instructors. developed educational seminars for active adults and members providing wellness and health information. developed health education events incentive programs and seminars for all employees. responsible for p l for the group fitness program. developed and ran annual community support campaign to bring in 10 000+ per year to department. devised and implemented progressive and individualized exercise recommendations and programs. created and successfully held monthly healthy lifestyle events/ presentations. marketed the group fitness classes to members as well as all fitness related events. private childcare
__label__ADVOCATE health advocate professional summary health advocate professional summary i am an empowered health advocate with excellent communication and active listening skills with a strong motivation to succeed. i am seen as reliable and approachable employee who quickly learns and masters new concepts and skills. i am motivated and enthusiastic about helping patients and the community navigate rights and responsibilities during treatment. personable demeanor with priority on care and service. seen as a friendly team player with talent for operating in fast-paced dynamic environments. skills public safety administrative support proficient in lytec proficient in gsuite patient rights data entry time management problem-solving skills decision-making abilities crisis intervention crisis communication work history health advocate 03/2017 to current assisted patients in understanding individual rights and responsibilities in regards to care coverage and payment reviewed all patient paperwork for accuracy including claims bills and medico-legal documents responded to 15 or more patient concerns and questions with compassionate and knowledgeable service in a day entered continuing medical documentation into computer systems and managed database of information compiled and reviewed medical charts manages approximately 30 incoming calls emails faxes per day from patients pharmacies and doctor offices used lytec to schedule and manage patient appointments balanced cash deposits credit card
__label__APPAREL creative director professional summary creative director professional summary hard working punctual dependable detail oriented well organized excellent oral and written communication skills strong organizational skills ability to positively and proactively handle customer concerns and prioritize multiple task in a fast- paced environment . ability to work on multiple projects effectively and efficiently both independently and collaboratively within a team.to obtain a position in a well established where i can use my experience and skills to provide the best services to the customers and my employer. core qualifications ms office suite word/power point/excel/outlook experience 03/2013 to current creative director primary responsibilities manage creative teams.approve or reject advertising campaign ideas.ensure team meets deadlines and stays within budget.attends photo shoots and supervises production team.write copy for clients ads brochures tv spots radio and other forms of advertising.research the technical properties of products.determine what makes products appealing to consumers.develop unique new concepts.oversee production.conceive develop and produce effective advertising campaigns.work with account executives to determine client needs and budget.ensure campaign stays within budget.create and present storyboards of ideas.work with art directors to create ideas.write clear and persuasive copy for websites brochures ads and other means of advertising.update digital media with timely content.perform search engine optimization techniques.oversee campaigns from production
__label__ARTS michael s arts and michael s arts and crafts store summary i am a determined hard-working individual with the zeal to accomplish any task or challenge i m given seeking to exceed expectations. in the next year i plan to achieve a bachelor s degree in environmental technology and management and attain a job in the field of sustainable design and technologies. experience michael s arts and crafts store march 2017 to current capital blvd. location aid store manager assistant store manager full-time replenishment manager in day to day operations and planning unload and stock store merchandise. train new replenishment associates. employee of the month july february 2016 to march 2017 provide customer service on the sales floor manage day/night-time associates and store operations. train and assess new associates. assumed position at brier creek raleigh nc location in october 2015 june 2015 to february 2016 brier creek location support specialist prepare cash registers count money and prepare documentation for the bank deposit. manage cashiers in the morning. sales associate/cashier offer customer service and efficiently run a cash register. knowledge and certifications arcgis program water quality testing stream assessment tree inventory osha 40 hour hazwoper certification education and training associate of science liberal arts science
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive summary business development executive summary results driven sales professional with an exemplary record of developing strategic initiatives to enhance sales. thrives on a challenge initiates action and entrepreneurial in business approach. able to seize opportunities and demonstrates excellent networking skills. exudes energy and enthusiasm while consistently meeting or exceeding sales targets. offers an excellent record of experience and accomplishments. qualification highlights account/territory management contract negotiations client development/focus sales analysis strategic planning quota attainment business development/market growth team leadership consultative sales and network solutions experience september 2008 to current business development executive responsible for managing the entire sales cycle with accountability to engage specialist team members aggressive and active in competitive accounts knowledgeable regarding competition and industry trends identify articulate and implement products solutions and services to customer requirements articulate and position full spectrum of officemax products services and solutions to key departmental decision makers develop and implement business plan for client base to identify sell and support services and/or products in existing officemax accounts responsible for proposing and closing engagements that will achieve total revenue growth sale and annuity profit and customer satisfaction plans perform account maintenance and continuous new business development work with the in-territory brm and other resources to
__label__HR hr consulting summary 7+ hr consulting summary 7+ years of experience as a hr partner with experience in all the facets of the human resource function. extensive background in hr generalist affairs including experience in recruiting on boarding performance management employee retention staff development mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation hr records management hr policies jobs and competencies. demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises developing teambuilding programs corporate policies. experience in recruitment full life cycle recruiting involving resourcing sourcing interviewing placement and on boarding. hr generalist responsibilities benefits/payroll administration hr policies procedures performance management data analysis and reporting staff retention employee relations hr programs recruitment/hiring employee counseling administration conflict resolution orientation on-boarding sap hr - database access training development organizational development compensation and benefits experience 07/2009 to 01/2014 hr consulting 07/2008 to 05/2009 hr coordinator 05/2007 to 06/2008 hr assistant i was able to reduce the employee attrition by 5 in my business unit with higher employee connect and rolling out programs boosting the employee morale. worked on developing the existing employee appraisal process to a comprehensive performance management process resulting in an optimized process flow. helped the senior leadership team in defining a crisp career path - for both technical and managerial positions.
__label__HEALTHCARE administrator executive profile accomplished administrator executive profile accomplished executive with demonstrated ability to deliver oversight committed to cost-effective management of resources and quality performance. skill highlights healthcare industry executive with over 20 years experience including 16 years managing full service home healthcare facilities including profit and loss responsibility clinical and operations management quality improvement and control personnel/employee relations recruiting customer service and business development. strong leadership skills and experience in strategic planning team building leadership implementing best practices contract negotiations human resources performance and productivity improvements finance accounting/profit and loss accountability budgeting and pricing operational management time and organizational management collaborative problem-solving core accomplishments professional experience administrator 01/2005 to 01/2015 develop and implement short and long term plans. establish clear objectives. coordinates the efforts of business success. responsibilities include full p l responsibility sales and market development financial status patient care delivery client services strategic planning and profitability and accountable for all operations and programs. successful business growth and development through marketing programs consistently increasing agency census over the course of 9 years. expanded private duty market through successful performance and productivity improvement contract negotiations and reimbursement strategies consistently increasing agency census from 31 to 240 in the course of 9 years. prepared and
__label__FINANCE finance manager finance manager finance manager finance manager executive profile financial manager focused on fostering trust and cultivating partnerships based on accountability and transparency. analytical cpa skilled in financial and managerial accounting practices and procedures. skill highlights public and private accounting income statement certified audits knowledge of gaap guidelines contract negotiation forward-thinking mindset strong initiative resourcefulness core accomplishments formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis budgeting and forecasting. reduced office expenses by finding smarter solutions for vendors suppliers and services. professional experience january 2012 to january 2012 finance manager finance manager opg groupohiohealth is a nationally recognized healthcare system of 21 000 associates physicians andvolunteers 17 hospitals 20 health and surgery centers home-health providers medical equipmentand health service suppliers throughout a 41 county area. facilitated monthly financial reporting and prepared monthly gaap financial statements for two physician enterprises. led the modeling planning and execution of all financial processes. analyzed complex regulation and policy documents that directly impacted budgetary and financial matters. created detailed financial models and analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis. collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes. prepared form 990 irs return and ohio unclaimed funds reporting. developed and implemented efficient accounting financial and operational systems for ohiohealth
__label__HEALTHCARE impact highlights level-headed under impact highlights level-headed under pressure 65 wpm microsoft office efficient kind experience impact october 2014 to february 2015 maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments returns and exchanges. prevented store losses using awareness attention to detail and integrity. worked as a team member performing cashier duties product assistance and cleaning. expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store. assisted customers with store and product complaints. guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved customer complaints. recommended selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires. informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner. stocked and rotated inventory regularly. organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place. replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom to ensure product availability for customers. listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice. maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store while also keeping the showroom clean and maintained neat and orderly product displays. retrieved alternate items and sizes on request. built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. delivered excellent customer service by greeting and immediately assisting each customer. healthcare specialist/combat medic march 2013 to
__label__DESIGNER r graphic artist designer r graphic artist designer focus - graphic design / digital art graphic designer skilled in digital art concepts for print web and product manufacturing applications. summary of qualifications cad gerber systems photoshop illustrator indesign microsoft office suite windows mac environments zbrush cinema 4d vue self-motivated professional resourceful researcher quick learner broad availability digital and manual illustration skills digital illustration of art concepts for print fabric and web applications using adobe creative suite. composition and layout for marketing collateral using indesign. manual sketching and mood boarding for look development of characters live or digital in accordance with director. 2d pattern engineering and technical sketching for streetwear and theatrical costumes using gerber computer aided design systems. experience graphic artist designer / feb 2016 to current design album cover art. design promotional posters and postcards. created mixed compositions utilizing illustrations and photography to express artist identity and style for web applications. technical designer / patternmaker / jan 2000 to may 2015 managed pattern and grading timelines for stage costumes and cast member uniforms. quality assurance and determined spec guidelines. problem-solving for sizing and fit challenges. technical illustration for plm documentation. reduced garment manufacturing cost by over 60 and reduced production lead times by
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS human resources supervisor summary human resources supervisor summary i am a human resources business administrator with over 10 years of progressive experience augmented by a strong post-graduate background in human resources conflict resolution and international relations. i have experience in hr policy and organizational design job analysis employee management recruitment/selection process benefits/compensation contract negotiations performance management training/development and strategic planning. i have a sound knowledge of labor relations occupational health safety pay equity and other related labor laws locally and internationally. i ve proven ability to implement successful human resources management strategies to support corporate mandate. functional expertise strategic planning learning development policies procedures performance reviews recruitment/selection process employee welfare talent management organization leadership risk management skills microsoft office word excel and powerpoint data track time and attendance software electronic data interchange edi software experience 08/2011 to 08/2015 human resources supervisor developed job profiles and source candidates from major job boards select interview and recruit for positions administered employee benefit plans to ensure compliance with flsa and other applicable statutes/regulations handled employee terminations grievance and other difficult situations in a sensitive fair and respectful manner working closely with legal counsel supervisors and management. coached managers on the process of evaluating employees setting goals conducting
__label__SALES sales associate skill highlights sales associate skill highlights great ability to multi-task self-starter and driven extensive customer services and caregiver knowledge neat and well organized volunteer work personal care worker and supportive home care job duties give assistance to people who are sick injured mentally or physically disabled or the elderly and fragile. professional experience 01/2010 to 01/2011 sales associate assisting customers to the area in the store they needed to go to or need help in. putting merchandise in the correct it was assign to. assist customers with choices and help them locate them and provide information about the product in question. helping customers who don t know english as a second language. telephone # 414-764-2474. 03/2014 to 03/2015 cashier my duty was to greet all customers entering into the store. handling all the cash transactions and receiving payments with cash credit/debit cards and checks. guiding and solving queries of customers. providing training and assistance to new joined cashier. keep my area neat and organized. telephone # 414-304-1024. 05/2016 to 07/2016 housekeeper my duty as a housekeeper was to clean and maintain the rooms and premises in and around the hotel. vacuum empty wastepaper and ashtrays transport trash to waste disposal equipment dust
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist web information technology specialist web gs-11 career overview objective it specialist gs-2210-9 custspt noc merit-2016-0031 experienced systems analyst with diverse industry experience in government maritime forestry research and development. professional expertise includes systems applications disaster recovery planning customer services including remote phone and local one on one. qualifications excellent communicator adopts technology to business needs stays current with technology excellent interpersonal skills ms sharepoint ms access ms office adobe suite os s windows linux mac skype webex adobe connect ms lync technical skills skills experience total years last used level i ii and iii customer support regional system manager 5 september 2014 system installs and upgrades of agency software system admin 5 september 2015 accomplishments awarded by the forest service pacific northwest research station for developing publishing innovations multiple website support and championing sharepoint. also awarded for superior performance during 2013. awarded by the forest service pacific northwest research station for delivering superb computer assistance to the communication application program and demonstrated outstanding support to the maintenance of the stations websites and demonstrating extra effort in updating research related databases and for researching new media sources such as e-pubs for the station s publications. key developer and supporter for a new
__label__DESIGNER lead senior graphic designer lead senior graphic designer summary manage multiple projects cross-channel marketing messaging branding consistency visual communications brand creation reinvention strategies efficiency planning improvements supervise development evaluation sets a high standard for all graphics designers implementing to adapt to and develop new techniques high level of problem solving.look development using 3dsmax maya softimage vray and mental ray.3d lighting and shaders intimate knowledge of vray mental ray creating and using image based lighting traditional lighting and hybrids.3d modeling detailed hard surface polygonal modeling in 3dsmax maya and softimage automotive mechanical product and architectural . cleanup and model prep optimization and modifications to existing models.general 3d general scene setup optimization and prep work in 3dsmax maya softimage. vray and mental ray. camera previz work lighting shading painting textures uvw mapping modeling and rendering. highlights autodesk 3ds max autodesk maya vray and mental ray adobe photoshop adobe after effects adobe illustrator adobe flash adobe lightroom strong knowledge joomla wordpress cms html flash and seo to google top 10 positionexperience on a mac and windows platform adobe dreamweaveradobe flashartioscadzbrushkeynotemicrosoft officepowerpointsolidworks accomplishments designed and implemented a special art project for organization . formulated an inclusive design manual reference guide with more than number design templates. experience 07/2014
__label__ACCOUNTANT supervisor accountant professional summary supervisor accountant professional summary motivated sales professional with 10+ years sales representative experience. customer service and sales expert. qualified with 10 plus years in fast-paced customer service and call center environments. warehouse worker with 1 year. machine operator with 5 years experience reviewing work orders and running several different machines simultaneously in a 5s environment. experience in a warehouse pick/pack fulfillment and distribution environment. machine operator with positive attitude and a commitment to safety quality customer service and lean manufacturing. skilled in exceeding sales goals and expectations by expanding client base and maintaining high standards of customer service. year experience in running a aftermarket radiator which duties included bookkeeping working with excel supervising a sales team to make quality sales for our business and keeping a inventory on our parts. very outgoing friendly hard worker and works well with others with a very positive attitude. core qualifications initiative to work independently customer service quality inspection team building excel spreadsheet strong initiative energetic work attitude outstanding customer service active listening skills strong communication skills call center experience strong organizational skills strong organizational skills telecommunication skills proper phone etiquette opening/closing procedures knowledgeable of quality excellent communication skills control standards strong interpersonal skills
__label__CHEF manager/pizza chef summary expert manager/pizza chef summary expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. skilled pizza chef with exceptional knowledge of baking times methods temperatures and flavors. understands proper function and maintenance of all pizza utensils and equipment. pizza chef possessing an innate skill in creating exceptional menu items. leads productive working environments. motivated pizza chef offering over 30 years experience in the food industry. focused on high standards for taste and quality while maintaining profitable margins. superior communication and leadership skills. flexible person who excels in a fast-paced environment looking for a position with growth opportunities. outgoing and familiar with cash and food handling procedures. possesses strong communication and time management skills. meticulous and excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. broad industry experience. experienced and professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. highlights quick problem solver thrives in fast-paced environment committed team player courteous professional demeanor able to work in continuously-standing position prefer to work nights and weekends assumes 100 responsibility for quality of products experience manager/pizza chef 01/1989 04/2007 made gourmet pizza neapolitan pizza pan pizza sicilian stromboli calzone insideout pizza bolibuns garlic knots helped with fryer and grill when
__label__DESIGNER mechanical designer summary im mechanical designer summary im offering over twenty-eight 28 years of extensive working knowledge of the principles theories and concepts in the design-engineering field. a self-motivated assertive individual who learns quickly accepts new challenges works well independently and also in team environments lives up to high personal standards integrity/ethics pro-actively demonstrates good interface/communication task management. highlights 3d model part design and assembly development including bom generation. create weight distribution analysis as well as present findings and able to defend assumptions. heavy and light structural frame design and aluminum mounting platform design. strong under standing of hydraulic components and able to do troubleshooting with the ability to develop and improve hydraulic circuits from existing schematics. experience may 2013 to july 2015 mechanical designer as a member of the research and technology team i was able to be a part of several projects focused on saving the money by reducing down time of equipment use of tested and approved quality parts and material. designs were developed with the use of creo parametric 2.0 windchill and autodesk inventor 2015. designed tested and implemented a pneumatic circuit to insure proper conditions existed prior to engaging and dis-engaging the clutch on the frac pump units. this
__label__APPAREL business owner summary results-driven business owner summary results-driven management professional with extensive experience for large-scale businesses and entrepreneurial endeavors through innovative leadership market research and identification of new business opportunities. recognized as an effective leader with excellent interpersonal and communication abilities. work well in diverse team settings handling multiple tasks to meet important deadlines. work experience business owner february 2002 to january 2009 planned created and executed women s contemporary clothing store from idea to opening. managed all functions of store operations. developed engaging visuals that increased sales while enhancing the consumer experience. produced novel and unique concepts for merchandise presentation. established close ties with customers to ensure repeat business. apparel production coordinator march 1994 to april 2001 generated sketches and tech packs for missy apparel line. ensured quality control standards in areas of lab dips print approvals and strike-offs. knowledge of lab dip process and procedures. facilitated daily communications with international and domestic offices. business owner october 1997 to february 2000 planned created and executed women s contemporary clothing store. developed a private label brand for target customers from initial design through bulk production. supervised fittings reviewed samples and provided fit comments on garment construction. shopped competition stores regularly to identify opportunities labels
__label__AVIATION instructor/writer experience instructor/writer february instructor/writer experience instructor/writer february 2013 to current conducted student training administering maintenance instruction in all airframe systems associated with the uh-60 a/l helicopter in a combination of subjects to include construction mission capabilities contemporary operational environment shop and flight line safety hazardous material program common and precision tools hardware and safety devices ground support equipment aircraft ground handling troubleshooting functional users manual for the army maintenance management system-aviation da pam 738-751 unit level logistics system-aviation landing gear electrical and fuel systems main rotor system tail rotor and drive systems power plant hydraulics and flight controls utility systems inspections and corrosion army aviation maintenance tc 3-04.7 preparation for shipment quality assurance and flight regulations. administered performance evaluations in all airframe systems associated with the uh-60 a/l helicopter in a combination of subjects to include construction mission capabilities contemporary operational environment shop and flight line safety hazardous material program common and precision tools hardware and safety devices ground support equipment aircraft ground handling troubleshooting functional users manual for the army maintenance management system-aviation da pam 738-751 unit level logistics system-aviation landing gear electrical and fuel systems main rotor system tail rotor and drive systems power plant hydraulics and flight controls utility systems
__label__HEALTHCARE communicable disease specialist summary communicable disease specialist summary bachelors of health science with 7+ years experience in social services and medical health settings working with diverse populations in the military and public health care fields. creative and resourceful social service professional talented at quickly mastering new skills and processing new information. highlights knowledge in the principles and practices of epidemiology as it relates to communicable disease surveillance investigative techniques conduct of outbreak investigations and data management knowledge of emergency preferred and incident command systems ics skill in demonstrating a cooperative professional attitude to cultivate relationships both within and outside the organization skill in prioritizing and organizing multiple tasks and the ability to complete projects in a timely manner experience /knowledge of hiv and std experience with electronic medical record emr management information system mis sendss case management vhn experience disease intervention specialist dis experience/knowledge to interpret test result for hiv rapid test in clinic and field setting respond to inquiries and provide detailed and technical information concerning related principles practices issues measures techniques and procedures experience communicable disease specialist january 2014 to december 2015 - assists in the implementation of timely disease intervention strategies to decrease the prevalence of communicable diseases. performs investigations data
__label__CHEF customer service rep professional customer service rep professional summary i am currently seeking a full-time position in an environment that will be a greater challenge for me. i m also aiming to learning new skills or using my own skills to help me better myself in the real world and will allow opportunities for advancement. i am an accomplished and motivated individual with a solid background in autocad design layout and design for products. but i also have experience in customer service representative and administration with over 8 years of experience in telephone and in-person customer services including sales tech support customer care active listening and problem solving in a fast-paced team-based deadline-driven environment. detail driven with outstanding communication skills and proven success interfacing with both customers and team members. call center representative versed in customer support in high call volume environments. superior computer skills and telephone etiquette. skills autocad autocad civil 3d civil engineering basics adobe illustrator 3ds max design autocad inventor pro revit architectural knowledge ability to work under pressure teamwork decision-making strength deadline-oriented customer service critical thinking ms windows proficient creative problem solver quick learner strategic sales knowledge multi-line phone talent self-motivated strong verbal communication risk management processes and analysis work
__label__FITNESS membership coordinator career focus membership coordinator career focus i would like the opportunity to share more about my work experience and how my skill set could contribute to the successful day-to-day running of your company. i d be happy to supply strong references at your request. i am currently in pursuit of a career and believe my skills could greatly contribute to your company. gainful employment in a well structured cooperative environment in which my skills and hard work can be optimally utilized. frankly stated i am looking for a career as opposed to a job . summary of skills reliable and dependable high customer service standards active listening skills flexible scheduling top sales performer superior organization skills customer service expert excellent multi-tasker opening/closing procedures superb sales professional sharp problem solver bar management time management ability excellent communication skills strong lead development skills goal-oriented focused on customer satisfaction customer service expert employee training clean and professional cold calling self-motivated professional experience 05/2014 to current membership coordinator as membership coordinators i am responsible for selling memberships at the health club. the position requires that the membership coordinator generate at least 60 of my own prospects through normal prospecting channels. the other 40 may originate from
__label__BANKING relationship support officer experience relationship support officer experience 01/1997 to 01/2002 relationship support officer delivered administrative and operations support to corporate institutional bank insurance team including 10+ senior relationship managers and 5 credit analysts while managing day-to-day reception activities such as greeting visitors and vendors and responding to requests for information. coordinated executive and senior management s schedules calendars and agendas and drafted meeting agendas and followed up on meetings and team conferences. worked with administrative team members and human resources staff during new employee hiring and special events. produced reports and correspondence administered up-to-date organizational chart maintained office activity logs and spreadsheets and distributed incoming mail throughout office. past experience includes administrative word processing specialist in trust and investment services. 01/1991 to 01/1997 01/1988 to 01/2016 commercial relationship support manager commercial banking small business 2002 2016 provided comprehensive administrative and operational support to five-person team comprised of commercial lending officers relationship management team and loan operations team ensuring delivery of best-in-class customer service. enforced compliance with lending requirements relating to origination processing closing and funding commercial loans ensured adherence to federal and regulatory guidelines upheld bank policies procedures and standards maintained knowledge of patriot act cip bank secrecy act and community reinvestment act.
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant experience august staff accountant experience august 2013 to current - accounting manger report to cfo manages 4 colleagues. the accounting department consists of 2 accounting clerks 1 financial analyst and 1 volunteer. lead person for all aspects of close including preparing and entering 30 journal entries and preparation of 35 balance sheet reconciliations. developed new and easier ways of doing journal entries for month end process using microsoft excel. have reduced journal entry keying by a day and half allowing more time for analysis. revamped old cost reporting and 990 templates using excel to make the process easier for colleagues that would enter information into the system. have cut down lead and processing time for each making the entire submission time faster for system senior leadership. selected as point person to help our system office install and run peoplesoft finance at st. mary s hospital. directly responsible for training staff at hospital and have assisted system in developing the financial statements that are used today. assisted all hospital directors in the planning and execution of their departments aop for the next fiscal year. assisted in making a 5 million dollar turn around in total hospital ebida for fiscal year 2015. responsible for
__label__FINANCE finance director executive profile finance director executive profile dedicated and accomplished finance professional with extensive experience in financial management budgeting seeks a management position where i can further enhance the achievement of an organization s objectives and targets. experience in diverse industries includes financial services retail distribution fortune 500 and big 4 companies. skill highlights microsoft office software excel word powerpoint and access . experience with accounting and financial reporting systems including oracle jd edwards and hyperion. professional experience finance director 01/2013 current reports directly to the vice president of finance and supports the cfo organization with financial and strategic insight. partners with and supports the svp of product marketing in the implementation of new product initiatives to the marketplace. finance representative within the executive business review committee who provides value-added insight to senior management through financial modeling and analysis. finance point person that collaborates with and supports the svp of sales and his team. led the design and implementation of a more comprehensive incentive compensation plan that improved sales compensation effectiveness and minimized potential liability exposure to the company. updates analyzes and distributes key monthly financial metrics and reporting to business partners. assists in the development of the annual budget and forecast process.
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction inspector professional summary construction inspector professional summary core qualifications experience 01/2018 to 06/2018 construction inspector inspected construction operations on roads and bridges to ensure work was done in accordance with the construction plans and specifications. interpreted contract requirements through the examination of the specifications and drawings applied a variety of testing and inspection techniques. resolved specifications drawings or construction conflicts and problems with site supervisor and/or project manager. monitored contractor s construction schedule materials and equipment. reviewed construction project safety practices and advised the supervisor of any corrective actions. documented daily construction activities by utilizing the penndot engineering and construction management system. 10/2014 to 11/2017 courier picked up and delivered court documents in a polite resourceful and professional manner. coordinated incoming and outgoing mail. maintained route supply inventory to ensure mail and documents are delivered promptly. provided customer service by giving customers necessary information. maintained delivery records. served individuals and companies with legal documents. 08/2000 to 11/2013 police officer retired patrolled designated areas in a patrol car or on foot to provide assistance protect persons and safeguard property. enforced nj 2c criminal laws and motor vehicle laws. apprehended suspects by effecting a lawful arrest in order to take suspects into custody. conducted preliminary
__label__ARTS eighth ninth and tenth eighth ninth and tenth english teacher summary motivated literacy specialist reading/ la teacher with extensive knowledge of the education system and educational testing standards. exceptional communicator with advanced problem-solving skills. versed in working well with all learning styles. effectively leads special education teachers liaises with other teams to facilitate high quality education for all students. highlights certified english 6-12 certified reading k-12 gifted endorsed special ed. experience strong communicator classroom management ma.e reading strategic planning project management team leadership professional development accomplishments reading department chair. national writing project 2010. help students reach their iep goals. facilitate small reading and writing groups. mentor struggling students to graduation with progress monitoring. manage classes of up to 25 students. accompany field trips and after school activities. cultivate excellent student growth in test score results. foster a love for literacy. experience eighth ninth and tenth english teacher march 2015 to june 2015 develop general knowledge of entire program s 8-10 curriculum and very detailed knowledge of courses for which responsible support students and parents with alternate strategies provide additional assistance with daily assignments and projects communicate regularly with parents students guidance counselors curriculum specialists through use of computer and telephone keep student records data
__label__DESIGNER cad designer summary personable cad designer summary personable cad designer/drafter who communicates openly and effectively with all involved from construction site workers to ceos. successfully sees projects through from initial planning stages to completion.highly skilled with broad expertise. successful at anticipating future issues and implementing creative solutions. highlights land development planning erosion and sedimentation control technical plan execution civil 3d autocad specialist water piping design complex problem solver advanced critical thinking strong decision maker map creation software topographic studies surveying local municipality projects land use approval process construction surveying permit applications inland empire regional knowledge highly accurate independent worker experience cad designer 01/2002 to 01/2003 prepared standard engineering computations surveys and designs.produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.controlled budget and established efficiency policies to maximize profits.surveyed project sites to establish reference points to guide construction.monitor construction site progress and managed issues that arose. cad designer 01/2003 to 01/2004 prepared standard engineering computations surveys and designs.produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.controlled budget and established efficiency policies to maximize profits. survey tech 01/2004 to 01/2007 prepared standard engineering computations surveys and designs.produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.controlled budget and established efficiency policies to maximize profits.surveyed project sites to
__label__FITNESS program manager professional summary program manager professional summary program managers working in a withdrawal management facilities responsible for supervising and coordinating staff. duties performed include recruiting new employees assigning tasks scheduling shifts training staff improving patient care standards and developing strategies for increasing productivity. i have integrity and a passion for performance. i am confident that my strong professional background as a program manager as well as a senior detoxification nurse with metropolitan development council would make me an asset to your university. in addition to my experience i possess effective communication customer service skills and i excel within a highly competitive environment with the skill sets of a project manager necessary to get the job done independently and/or as a team. i have more than 14 years of professional experience in detox and rehabilitation client services business excellence customer care corporate administration and process/change improvements. i have excellent interpersonal and team-building skills. i have the ability to manage supply and chain budgets medical records employee performance evaluation staff recruitment and retention and quality improvement. i am a program manager/lead clinical nurse who consults and collaborates with other health care professionals to coordinate the management of patient care and the daily function of a
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern professional summary engineering intern professional summary a computer science junior at lynchburg college with the understanding and problem solving to work my way through any situation. using the life skills i learned while i attained my eagle scout rank the highest in boy scouts and only given to a very small percentage of scouts. experience june 2015 to august 2015 engineering intern designed and worked with building information modeling bim in autocad mep throughout the entire work-cycle under extreme time crunches. creating functional ethernet pneumatic and electronic controls for a confidential client. assisted with installation of a pneumatic controls system for a large and confidential development outside of charlottesville va. worked in the field at indian head military base md collecting outfall locations for later analysis and reduction. june 2014 to august 2014 engineering intern created and edited autocad drawings for the us department arlington national cemetery and jefferson island md. using autodesk inventor recreated the s patented reverse osmosis multi element module romem with a high level of detail as well as rendering numerous images using autodesk showcase. researched acquired built and configured an enterprise server to replace the firm s antiquated system. specifications intel xeon e5-2620 2.0 ghz processor msi
__label__BANKING legal specialist iii - legal specialist iii - investment banking subpoena compliance summary certified paralegal with an extensive legal background excellent supervisor skills and investment banking knowledge seeking a position within the financial industry where my knowledge of legal terminology banking laws and regulatory policies and procedures would be fully utilized and expanded. highlights core skills advanced monitoring regulatory compliance protection of customer s rights risk management high-risk investigations quality efficiency assurance investment banking strategic thinking policy procedure development regulatory affairs loss mitigation complex administrative skills computer knowledge wordperfect microsoft word excel powerpoint outlook time map ma 3000 lawdrill eroom courtexpress courtlinks lexis-nexis westlaw live edgar pacer summation concordance trial director shepardize cite check blue book e-discovery nyscef itc bpai ttab intralinks pair access equliar clearwell stratify. notary public advanced monitoring advanced monitoring regulatory compliance protection of customer s rights risk management high-risk investigations quality efficiency assurance investment banking strategic thinking policy procedure development regulatory affairs loss mitigation complex administrative accomplishments 2008 nominated paralegal of the year award by the american association for justice 2003 awarded employee of the month 1999 awarded miss congeniality 2015 member of the rewards recognition committee 2010 member of the national federation of paralegal associations 2009 presentation on paralegal
__label__APPAREL keyholder summary creative hands-on keyholder summary creative hands-on professional with expertise in art direction and project management marketing and special promotions highlights professional photoshoot/modeling experience fashion visual merchandising professional runway experience professional standing fashion model self taught abstract visual mix media artist professional photo shoot experience self-motivated professional accomplishments knowledge of office practices and its procedures public relations rules policies procedure complaints and transactions being processed typing/ key boarding has demonstrated spending extensive time troubleshooting and assisting customers over the phone for great customer experience prolific sales experience in retail business and phone environment skill in operation of office equipment cash register e-mail in-person contacts and or by other means of internal and external customers collate and classify information about data referrals upon request. experience keyholder 01/2015 to current -mod manager on dutie when managers arent present -open and closing of store -running daily stores performance reports -opening day and end of day paperwork -management duties pushing associates to sell -back stock coordinator -inventory closing -cashier -safe count and money handling cashier 09/2014 to 04/2014 -cashier -maintaining complete knowledge of all food and beverage items prices and availability. -effectively welcoming every cusotmer while providing great service -store merchandising stocking and rotating products -efficiently working
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare recruiter professional summary healthcare recruiter professional summary a highly ambitious customer service oriented business professional with experience in human resources customer service and administrative support. expertise in client development and needs assessments. my goal is to obtain a challenging and rewarding career opportunity where my administrative human resources and customer service skills will be fully utilized. i am team oriented professional and focused - i look forward to having an opportunity to discuss what i can contribute to your team skills excellent interpersonal hr and administrative skills intermediate experience with microsoft office programs motivated team member who understands the value of providing accurate professional admin support team leadership experience data management skills strong verbal communication skills adept at client needs assessment and analysis work history april 2000 - current healthcare recruiter a contingency clinical staffing firm assisting medical professionals such as rns radiology techs physical therapists radiation therapist and pharmacists with obtaining permanent employment opportunities nationwide. consult with client hr professionals within all areas of the healthcare field regarding clinical staffing needs. created staffing partnerships with some of the largest healthcare facilities in the u.s. including stanford university hospital lucile packard children s hospital florida hospital inova health systems adventist healthcare and brigham
__label__APPAREL ceo / president executive ceo / president executive profile senior marketing executive experienced in the music sports and entertainment industry with an ability to build market presence. track record of accelerating growth by creating and executing integrated marketing and strategic marketing programs that improved visibility sales and account base. product development social media marketing strategic marketing planning multi media marketing advertising - print broadcast web / internet leadership/team building brand image development management promotions pr management vendor sponsor negotiations market research competitive analysis skill highlights product development social media marketing strategic marketing planning multi media marketing advertising - print broadcast web leadership/team building brand image development management promotions pr management vendor sponsor negotiations market research competitive analysis core accomplishments successfully developed products from the ground up to produce substantial revenue growth. launched successful marketing initiatives for new clothing lines with first year sales ranging between 1.8 m - 15m in sales collaborated and worked with record labels in accomplishing sales of over 100 m album and singles sold expert management capabilities include strategic planning p l accountability budgeting and supervision. forged innovative partnerships with businesses sports music agents through joint-development alliances. highly profit-oriented committed to increasing efficiency and maximizing the contributions of each employee.
__label__HR director of hr executive director of hr executive profile ambitious human resources generalist who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights customer-oriented professional experience director of hr january 2013 to current directly report to the ceo and vp of a 65-year old real estate property management company. accountable for the day-to-day operations functions of hr administration and technology with direct supervision of two staff members. as an active member of the leadership team accomplishments include create employee handbook and designed comprehensive annual employee survey. research analyze and select annual health benefits. implemented and trained employees on new payroll system. additionally designed and established training program for maintenance employees. conduct full-cycle recruitment and on-boarding program. developed wellness program and established preventative health initiatives to reduce healthcare annual premiums. create annual employee bonus program aligned with goals and objectives. day-to-day project management and overall responsibility of office construction build-out and office move. selected general contractor determined vendors interacted with architects and negotiated contracts. vice president and director of human resources and administration january 2006 to january 2013 reported directly to the founder/ceo of
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant summary skilled staff accountant summary skilled accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. additional ba ckground in payroll employee management hiring training and benefits. highly detail-oriented and organized. highlights financial statement analysis account reconciliation expert general ledger accounting effective time management strong organizational skills flexible team player experience 08/2012 to current staff accountant process receivables donations for 7 church locations with over 20 000 attendees and approx 45m annual revenue process retail sales revenue for multiple entities bookstore caf coffee shop at each location provide monthly financial statements and budget analysis monthly bank reconciliations prepare monthly use tax returns general ledger review streamline procedures and write procedure manual assist with accounts payable as needed 08/2008 to 08/2012 independent accounting consultant provide weekly monthly quarterly and annual accounting/full charge accounting services to different clients in multiple industries including but not limited to engineering marketing construction contractors subcontracting commercial leasing companies manufacturing retail work with cpa to provide information for year-end tax preparation provide set-up and ongoing consulting services to users of quickbooks quickbooks pro and quicken assist clients in worker s compensation audits assist clients in start-up of businesses assist clients
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS founder/strategic account director links founder/strategic account director links www.hyvemyanmar.com professional summary to utilize my expertise and international experience as an entrepreneur strategic pr digital marketing professional and creative thinker. a dynamic professional with over 10 years of experience and a strong background playing a vital role in the development management growth and retention of key accounts and clients. service-oriented leader dedicated to fueling revenues enhancing client s experience and achieving top brand loyalty. highly adept in performing within high-pressure and deadline-driven environments driving full project lifecycles with a focus on high-quality deliverables. skills management and operational leadership critical thinking and problem solving networking business development and stakeholder relations detail-oriented and results-driven creative thinker and effective writer strategy development strategic planning high-impact proposal presentation key account management project management research data analytics and reports social media strategy and content creative mind with love for visual design articulate planning an effective communication don t take no for an answer work history founder/strategic account director 08/2016 to 10/2020 myanmar responsible for the overall operation and management of the agency specializing in integrated public relations strategic communications and digital marketing services. developing overall strategy conducting market and competitor analysis coordination with clients and media - overall media strategy
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development associate summary business development associate summary extremely determined outgoing and passionate professional with proven ability to build rapport with clients. strong communication and interpersonal skills make the candidate successful in seamlessly working with clients staff members and other professionals in various areas across different job levels. experience business development associate 12/2015 to current contact new and existing clients to discuss how specific products could meet their needs. identify issues with existing marketing material to drive process improvements. collaborate with key client stakeholders and document organizational challenges and business objectives to define client requirements. prepare ad-hoc presentations and proposals for internal projects and external clients. conduct root cause analysis in order to identify data integrity issues and needed adjustments to tableau s management reporting dashboards. senior financial analyst 08/2014 to 12/2015 worked in partnership with key multi-functional stakeholders to identify risk develop remediation strategy and assist in the implementation of effective control structures to help mitigate potential risk. gathered rules and requirements from the corporate operational risk team to successfully implement the enterprise wide spreadsheet policy validated attribute data for over 1 000 spreadsheets performed risk assessments and gap analysis with all gbam finance lines of business teams within a six-month time frame.
__label__APPAREL senior materials analyst summary senior materials analyst summary requirements for this position include bachelor s degree in business management or related field minimum 5 years directly relevant work or related experience 2 additional years experience required in lieu of a degree demonstrated knowledge of product processes proven experience in strategic and business planning excellent verbal and written communication skills including meeting facilitation and presentations strong ability to communicate complex and/or controversial topics and concepts to a wide and diverse audience must possess a strong client focused approach to work effective project and resource management experience with a proactive approach to team specific issues change agent ability to adapt and flexible demonstrate integrity fairness respect openness and honesty which requires courage initiative and a strong sense of personal responsibility ability to travel up to 10 highlights brio / hyperion mapper mmx pps and pdm deep knowledge of the nike apparel material process and calendars advanced microsoft office skills including excel powerpoint outlook word sharepoint and experienced in learning new technologies as necessary extensive experience with tableau spc doe online survey tools and various statistical programs familiar with manufacturing processes casting injection molding rolling extruding forging and drawing and physical and mechanical testing spectrometer hardness tensile
__label__HR hr specialist information systems hr specialist information systems experience 02/2013 - 12/2014 hr specialist information systems permanent/ft supervisor iris murray 910-432-2392 served as fort bragg installation civilian personnel information systems manager with full responsibility for establishing and implementing automated personnel policy providing advisory services and resolving hr automation user issues. this included system access control hr automation training administration and instruction hr automation system software functionality and interface issues hardware troubleshooting installation and maintenance and regulatory and procedural guidance etc. systems included fasclass autonoa usa staffing business objects applications sap software cpol dcpds csu eopf asars etc. designed constructed tested deployed and maintained organizational sharepoint infrastructure. designed customized web-based management tools to improve organizational efficiency communication and archiving capabilities. served as the webmaster for the fort bragg civilian personnel advisory center cpac internet and intranet products with responsibility for ensuring release compliance proper website structure and architecture ease of use and esthetic appeal. wrote detailed technical plans to maintain organizational functionality in the occurrence of service interruptions due to software incompatibility issues resulting from network enterprise center compliance demands and newly implemented network configurations. managed storage capabilities and built a detailed archival system to maintain organization s historic documents. analyzed organizational automation training needs
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS insurance specialist summary accomplished insurance specialist summary accomplished communicator who mediates effectively and uses negotiating and persuasion skills to achieve consensus. proficient in account management training project management and building strong relationships. proven ability to streamline operations educations and troubleshoot problem areas. demonstrated history of successful administration and effective issue resolution while providing high-quality leadership and managing individuals from varying backgrounds. skills spreadsheet management pos systems microsoft office proficiency advanced ms office suite knowledge medical billing microsoft excel certified administrative support specialist quickbooks expert employee training invoice processing advanced clerical knowledge microsoft excel marsha systemfosse system experience insurance specialist 04/2017 to current processed applications payments corrections endorsements and cancellations. developed implemented and monitored new underwriting guidelines for the agency. compiled coverage and rating information in an accessible format. submitted up-to-date activity and production logs to agency management for review. researched coverage and premium options and supplied clients with the best coverage available. finalized and maintained all types of personal lines insurance policies within the agency. front desk agent 12/2015 to current dispensed guidance direction and authorization to carry out major plans. reviewed sales price and operating costs. ensured work was accomplished in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices. handled
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career focus business consultant career focus business professional acutely focused on customer service and network building. promptly develops vital relationships needed to operate and succeed in a sales field. manager with expertise in delivering support services and resolving customer complaints. over seven years of experience in real estate development. also a quick study with an ability to easily grasp and put into application new ideas concepts and technologies. exceptional organizational communication interpersonal analytical and problem resolution skills. thrive in both independent and collaborative work environments. proficient in the use of computer applications including ms word excel powerpoint and access as well as autocad and act. summary of skills training and development employee relations compensation administration performance management strategies human resources audits maintains confidentiality hrms national human resources association homeowners insurance knowledge excellent communicator deadline-driven marketing and sales specialist new program and promotion implementation procedure development human resources information systems hris accomplishments experience includes over 1 000 physical property inspections. promoted to counsel liaison after fifteen months. professional experience consultant may 2011 to current maintain in-house clients obtain customer referrals and continuously build relationships. recruited and interviewed 30-60 applicants per 30 days. customize benefit plans for individuals and employees based on their current health
__label__FINANCE acting finance manager summary acting finance manager summary innovative accountant proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes. accommodating job title who effectively manages strict deadlines schedules and repetitive tasks with a positive can-do attitude. an accountant and analyst with more than 8-years proven experience spanning over oil and gas services manufacturing and trading business. the experience is not limited to financial management reporting ifrs and us gaap working capital management cost control and reduction measures internal controls erp system implementation and development oracle hyperion and quick books statutory compliance payroll inventory management business insight and support decision making planning budgeting forecasting capex control leadership and team management dealing with banks internal/external auditors business lawyers advising management on financial strategy commercial proposals and evaluation risks coverage negotiating contract dealing with client setting up new kpis/standards and measuring performance due diligence implementation of corporate policies and governance. key professional skills financial reporting analysis ifrs and us gaap . budgeting planning short medium and long term . system development cost controls. project/commercial evaluation. prepare activity based cost analysis for new and existing business venture. internal controls financial audits. controllership of accounting operations. team leadership resource management. bench marking/setting kpis performance
__label__ADVOCATE business advocate banker cruz business advocate banker cruz navarro cruz navarro professional summary highly ambitious professional with background in financial services procurement and management. expertise in market analysis forecasting and client needs assessments. highly ambitious professional with background in financial services procurement and management. expertise in market analysis forecasting and client needs assessments. skills account management business development business operations cisco international business logistics oracle purchasing sales spreadsheets tax law skills budgeting and finance strong verbal communication conflict resolution client assessment and analysis budgeting and finance strong verbal communication conflict resolution client assessment and analysis proficient level microsoft office oracle crm strong verbal communication client assessment and analysis conflict resolution proficient level microsoft office oracle strong verbal communication client assessment and analysis conflict resolution proficient level microsoft office oracle work history 07/2016 to current business advocate banker target and identify affluent clients analyze their needs provide financial solutions based on their relationship with the bank and refer then to the appropriate business line when required. s advisor for the small business development provide financial wellness solutions for new and existing clients. consultation of credit products and regulations for business origination and ownership. plan develop and execute out of office visits and venues to small
__label__BANKING principal consultant executive profile principal consultant executive profile a dynamic strategic leader that translates operations and business strategies into maximum profits commensurate with the best interest of shareholders customers employees and the community. an expert in consumer and mortgage lending dedicated to enhancing profitability by streamlining operational platforms developing new markets drafting strategic lending initiatives growing a high-quality loan portfolio and regulating and managing risk. extremely analytical and knowledgeable of mortgage banking compliance and regulations with proven track record of applying controls to manage risk. dedicated to maintaining a reputation built on quality service and uncompromising ethics. skill highlights mortgage lending retail / wholesale lending commercial lending agency / jumbo financing consumer lending indirect lending portfolio management streamline operations business development new market expansion new product development process reengineering multi-site operations regulatory compliance loss mitigation strategic / tactical planning project management team recruitment and leadership risk assessment and analysis mergers / acquisition educational seminars professional experience principal consultant january 2009 to current mortgage banking advisor specializing in developing and implementing business models to achieve successful streamlined mortgage platforms. areas of expertise include project management and production streamline operations loan analysis risk management and compliance programs often working in conjunction with companies such as navigant
__label__HR regional hr business partner regional hr business partner human resources professional executive profile business-savvy results-driven and solutions-oriented hr executive offering 16-year career in human resources distinguished by commendable performance in developing spearheading and maximizing performance of both individuals and teams. known for driving change and championing corporate values vision and mission. articulate communicator fully bilingual in english and spanish with proven ability to diffuse highly charged situations by quickly responding to human resources issues and providing executive-level support to both the management and staff. demonstrated success in orchestrating initiatives that address today s business challenges to attain revenue goals control expenses satisfy customers and attract/retain talent while achieving business and profitability objectives. core competencies change management benefits administration succession planning organizational development leadership development and coaching infrastructure development operations and workflow optimization conflict resolution professional experience 01/2012 to current regional hr business partner - 110-year old manufacturing with an iconic brand. report to one of the 4 regional vice presidents of the company. work with regional business leaders in providing innovative hr solutions to make business strategies actionable. provide progressive hr guidelines while ensuring that all hr programs are in accordance with the business needs local labor laws and culture. partnered with the performance
__label__CONSTRUCTION training specialist - construction training specialist - construction equipment summary experienced construction equipment operator and carpenter that is hardworking dependable and reliable offering extensive experience with heavy equipment operation. highly motivated to produce quality work on tight deadlines with safety in mind and to exceed expectations. experience october 2010 to current training specialist - construction equipment serve as a training specialist and training manager for construction equipment the u.s. army procures. developed updated and managed training material that provides the soldier on basic operation techniques and maintenance procedures for the various types of construction equipment that the u.s. army s owns. developed scope of work and contract language. conducted reviews and provide recommendations on associated technical manuals for construction equipment before authentication and publishing in occurs. evaluated training materials prepared by instructors. monitored training costs and created budget reports for management. august 2000 to october 2010 delivery driver delivered product and filling vending machines at all points of availability within established accounts. completed a daily pre-trip inspection checklist before first delivery of the day. operated motor vehicles in a safe and efficient manner. loaded and unloaded merchandise at stores and vendor locations. maintained a commercial drivers license class a. military experience february 1999 to
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager summary construction/masonry construction manager summary construction/masonry offering extensive experience with heavy equipment operation. willing and able to learn new skills. dependable and hard-working with more than 5 years in the construction industry. thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly and efficiently. highlights accurate measurements and estimates residential construction leadership exceptional problem solver tiling construction machinery operation excellent driving record strong communication skills detail-oriented friendly and hardworking problem solving mathematical aptitude plumbing structural and architectural pre-cast concrete driver of companies 26ft flatbed trucks accomplishments led a crew of 3 general construction laborers. experience 01/2011 to current construction manager extensively trained in plumbing carpentry painting plastering machine servicing and installation. installed repaired and rebuilt tile brick and stone surfaces. documented daily equipment inspections and submitted daily inspection forms to supervisor. performed daily maintenance to the machines operated equipment safely and efficiently at all times. loaded proper materials while abiding by all safety and legal standards. assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry. cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. mixed and laid concrete to raise top of manhole to the street level. completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects. arranged and
__label__FINANCE senior accountant / finance senior accountant / finance controller summary aim to work for a progressive organization in a growth oriented position that gives enough scope to sharpen my skill accordingly to the latest demands at the same time to work towards the growth of the organization and to seek challenging avenues where my knowledge and experience matches with the organization s growth and to continue for the achievement of organizational goals with the betterment career prospects. highlights ms-word ms-excel. windows. internet software hardware tally peach tree manual accounting leadeship well knowledge in complete erp system working closely with the accounting modules as per business rules. ample to knowledge on basic computer applications use full in the day-to-day office administration created and maintained an efficient communication system within the assigned department and across other departments. well knowledge in various accounting software s accomplishments title a study on working capital management client ulccs private limited 45 days duration 2012 description the project entitled a study on working capital management is a study of various aspects related to the and its peer groups which includes the fund holding statement income statement balance sheet and key financial ratios. a variance analysis is been done to know the
__label__ARTS customer service associate/cashier summary customer service associate/cashier summary highly motivated professional seeking a receptionist position. possesses excellent communication skills a strong intuitive analytical thinking. goal-oriented customer-focused with a team player attitude and drive to succeed. highlights flexibility adaptability organizing and planning skills attention to detail stress tolerant ability to handle several situations at once with confidence. knowledge of ms office and the operation of standard office equipment. high school diploma. answered screened and directed inbound phone calls performed general secretarial duties including meeting scheduling appointment set up faxing and mailing took verbal and written messages and transmitted them to exact person/destination accepted letters and packages delivered to the front desk and distributed to appropriate staff interacted well with the public handled delicate situations such as customer requests special needs and complaints coordinated maintenance of the front desk reception area equipment furniture lighting applications and brochures maintained a neat tidy and pleasant appearance of the reception area accomplishments provided the highest quality natural health care services to all of the patients in a caring and supportive environment good with patients of all ages ability to follow directions closely great compassion towards patients comfortable in interacting with all types of patients skilled in explaining to patients
__label__SALES sales associate skills motivated sales associate skills motivated seller customer service oriented attention to detail quick learner retains information with ease commitment to professionalism persuasive communicator summary motivated strategic sales professional with three years of experience. focused driven and detail oriented with great communication skills. works well as an independent associate or in a team environment. looking to join a team of hardworking individuals working towards the same goal. experience 10/2015 to current sales associate helped lead the store to a 15 increase for both years employed. approach browsing customers and initiate conversations to determine buying preferences. recommend specific styles based on customers footwear needs. properly took measurements of the customers foot and inquired about any ailments. recommended additional items to increase sales and multiples. provided a level of customer service regardless of difficultly level. consistently in the top for sales each month and kept perfect numbers . maintained contact with regular clients and often requested by name. 12/2014 to 10/2015 bridal consultant used active listening skills as well as knowledge of merchandise to select dress options for brides and provide feedback to encourage them to purchase. maintained communication post-sale with brides to continue building rapport and ensure optimal customer service. consistently delivered 5-10
__label__CHEF sushi chef core strengths sushi chef core strengths highly responsible and reliable extensive hospitality background exceptional interpersonal skills works well under pressure food safety understanding master of sales techniques mathematical aptitude upbeat outgoing and positive accomplishments servsafe certified food preparation maintained daily cleanliness of broiler and fryers. answered telephone calls and responded to inquiries. assigned patrons to tables suitable for their needs and according to rotation checked temperatures of freezers refrigerators and heating equipment to ensure proper functioning. cleaned and organized eating service and kitchen areas. seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience. experience sushi chef 10/2014 to current working at wasabi s downtown entailed the same tasks a sushi chef as sushi time only i am now second chef instead of head chef. i feel like i am again coming to the point where i would like a new opportunity to start from the bottom as i have done in the past at sushi time and the 5 spot. dishwasher/ line cook 04/2014 to 10/2014 working at the 5 spot was a really awesome experience for me. it provided some of the more conventional style kitchen and line cook experience that i had not so much been exposed
__label__DESIGNER senior industrial designer professional senior industrial designer professional summary i am pleased to submit my resume for product designer with skip hop inc. given my background in industrial design and additional experience in consulting i feel i am in a great position to make as significant contributions to skip hop inc. throughout my entire career i have demonstrated consistent success applying aptitudes as a leader and pioneer to achieve high-reaching standards and goals. please consider the following highlights from my resume 20+ years working providing industrial design guidance in new product development projects for high-profile clientele. possesses an extensive repertoire of problem solving skills technical tools and software. proven commitment to continuous professional development as demonstrated through having achieved a post-graduate degree and a professional certification. attached resume jordan c. wu mid senior-level industrial designer consultant a top-performing senior-level industrial designer and consultant credited with devising dynamic product designs for high profile corporations from ground up. possesses an extensive repertoire of technical tools and software and research skills to facilitate successful design engagements for major consumer brand names. highly adept in fostering and cultivating impactful business relationships with an innate ability to propose innovative value-added solutions to clients. multilingual and highly adept in fast-pace
__label__TEACHER teacher summary experienced assistant teacher summary experienced assistant manager adept at problem solving customer service and hiring and training hardworking quality staff. store manager equipped with extensive experience in retail management and sales. employs excellent leadership skills and multi-tasking strengths. determined assistant manager with strong interpersonal skills and extensive retail and sales experience. motivated shift manager practiced in customer relations sales and inventory control. demonstrated skill in improving store operations increasing top line sales and reducing costs. reliable assistant manager with 5 years in retail sales. coaches and encourages staff toward advancement using an enthusiastic and supportive attitude. highlights retail inventory management exceptional leader accurate cash handling conflict resolution skills store opening and closing procedures team-oriented store operations sales professional outstanding communication skills reliable flexible schedule accomplishments promoted to assistant manager after 7 months in the cashier/service leader awarded great. customer service award in 2015.position.developed and implemented new loss prevention. methods which resulted in a reduction in shrinkage rates. experience teacher august 2008 to june 2009 assistant manager january 2010 to current managed classrooms of 10 to 20 students during the absence of assigned teachers. implemented a variety of teaching methods such as lectures discussions and demonstrations. established clear objectives for all lessons units
__label__HR hr manager summary human hr manager summary human resources professional with the ability to work successfully with all levels of an organization deliver expected results consistently resolve issues communicate sensitive information identify opportunities for improvement and make suggestions for change. highlights staffing and recruiting performance management employee benefits employment law employee and labor relations manager coaching and training experience hr manager 10/2013 to current address employee and management questions interpret and enforce collective bargaining agreement and help resolve work-related challenges. counsel employees to correct performance issues and deficiencies. coach managers on disciplining and terminating employees to minimize liability. facilitate management communication meetings with employees. update senior management on corporate initiated wide hr matters. ensure on-boarding of quality employees through established and effective recruiting processes. conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. ensure legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and requirements. conduct workplace investigations and represent the at legal hearings. consult with management regarding performance assessment recognition programs and conduct reviews of current organization talent. develop and monitor required controls and programs to meet affirmative action plan goals and objectives. implement human resources driven programs to maximize productivity to achieve plant goals and objectives. maintain professional knowledge
__label__DESIGNER designer summary to get designer summary to get a strong foothold on the career ladder by doing the best i can and more with a that supports teamwork and utilizes the abilities of its employees. highlights excellent team working skills planning and organizing events. creativity in working. time management skills. ability to work under pressure experienced in communicating interacting and building relationships with people of varying ethnic religious and cultural backgrounds. computer literate and excellent typing skills. fluency in ms office word excel powerpoint access and in world wide web web search . good communication skills. leadership skills. experience designer 02/2011 designing a jewelry collection for brides show. education 2009 american university in dubai uae bachelor of fine arts visual communication visual communication 2005 al-ma arifa private school high school level business biology arabic religion english food and nutrition arts toefl business biology arabic religion english food and nutrition arts toefl 2004 rosary school igcse subjects included english arabic biology physics chemistry business economics religion math arts interests painting design sports fine dining going out with friends reading and movies. languages english fluent arabic fluent french basic skills photo advertising arabic artist arts art agency basic good communication skills computer literate creativity database dec
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS vp public relations account vp public relations account director professional summary dedicated and experienced communications and public relations vice president with a proven track record of success in the areas of food retail tourism technology science biotechnology healthcare retail non-profit and government. media relations expert with history of securing placements in top publications and outlets. highly regarded for leadership and execution of award winning public relations and integrated marketing campaigns. skills work history vp public relations account director 09/2006 to current strategize direct manage and oversee day-to-day and long-term communications and public relations activities for high profile accounts such as ocean md. department of tourism old bay mccormick marble slab creamery great american cookies pretzelmaker hot dog on a stick the maryland stem cell research commission the maryland technology development corporation nobel learning communities inc. and the center for eating disorders at sheppard pratt. create execute and manage local regional and national integrated marketing media relations public relations and branding campaigns that meet specific communications goals. demonstrate expertise in the areas of written communications editing media documents and press kits feature and speech writing message points newsletters interview coordination internal and external communications plans crisis communications and response website copy and maintenance marketing collateral
__label__FINANCE programme finance associate professional programme finance associate professional summary seeking a position where i can demonstrate my skills and contribute to an organization that offers professional growth. being productive and add value to the organisation through my knowledge and previous experiences overview certified project manager with two years experience in managing projects according to prince2 methodology. civil engineering background. two years experience in events organization workshops conferences and awareness campaigns . highly motivated in team and individual tasks hard working and productive worker under pressure. practical experience of dealing with governmental and official entities. outstanding communication skills with fluency in three languages. good knowledge of international and development practices. management and administrative professional. people oriented with strong leadership abilities. excellent negotiation skills. skills work history 06/2012 to current programme finance associate ensured administration and implementation of programme/operations strategies adapts processes and procedures focusing on achievement of the following results full compliance with un/undp rules and regulations and other relevant policies on financial recording/reporting system and follow-up on audit recommendations implementation of effective internal controls proper functioning of a client-oriented financial resources management system. provision of inputs for implementation of cost-saving and reduction strategies in consultation with the office management. preparation of cost sharing trust
__label__ENGINEERING engineering associate profile team-oriented engineering associate profile team-oriented engineering associate with over 8 years experience designing developing maintaining and testing electro-mechanical systems. skills electro-mechanical design jmp microsoft visual basic microsoft excel vision system programming microsoft power point electronic computer systems microsoft visio engineering software six sigma 5x methodology strong presentation skills adaptable process improvement electrical troubleshooting tools team player ability to read schematics mechanical design/implementation ability to write and read wiring diagram accomplishments bronze medal in skills usa for robotics and automation statistical analysis performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department. product improvement worked with r d and lob to modify and improve overall product performance. eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments. testing evaluation and analysis tested equipment to ensure compliance. analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment. autocad software utilization helped produced drawings and maintained archived and retrieved cad files and drawing documents for the completion of four commercial projects. presentations created presentation to idexx technical review board for product changes and improvements produced training power points to train field support project management lead and leadership rolls in multiple 5x projects on multiple instrument platforms lead
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant ii summary a accountant ii summary a professional accountant with more than 10 years of full-range progressive accounting experience in general accounting and financial reporting. i have a solid understanding of gaap and experience in regulatory statutory stat accounting principles. also with proven ability to manage multiple assignments while meeting tight deadline schedules. possess reputation as a self-directed professional with excellent problem solving and analytical and communication skills. i also have a proven track record of performing work in an ethical manner while consistently maintaining the integrity of all financial data. specialized expertise in data review and analysis finding resolutions to identified issues and creating accounting reports and recommendations to my findings. skills month-end close activities - reconciliations/analysis accounts payable accounts receivable general ledger entries audits research investigation resolution financial analysis reporting business accounting process improvements microsoft office proficient fixed asset accounting cash and bank reconciliations intercompany accounting business property income sales use tax return preparation complex expense reporting reconciliation financial statements preparations grants contracts accounting hospitality/golf course accounting regulatory/statutory accounting principles property management lease accounting experience accountant ii 10/2016 to current responsible for cl500 - events clearing. revenue 506000 570496/670496. lb49r no other revenues. month end deficit funds and account analysis. run
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction experience 04/2015 to construction experience 04/2015 to current repair a/c units repair and replace water heaters stoves and refrigerators. change out faulty valves and faucets. unclog drains toilets snake clean-outs. change out windows and locks. make repairs to sheetrock if damaged roof repairs and painting inside and outside. controls inventory creates orders with vendors. train coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new rules. 07/2010 to 02/2015 maintain 320 units in jasmine terrace complex which consists of repairs to ac window units. repair and replace water heaters stoves and refrigerators. change out faulty valves and faucets unclog drains toilets snake clean outs. change out windows and locks. make repairs to sheetrock if damaged roof repairs and painting inside and out. controls inventory create orders with vendors. trained coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new rules. 03/2007 to 05/2010 construction plumbing roofing sheetrock painting. replace water heaters. general apprentice and construction. 03/2005 to 03/2007 painter paint and repair the outside of problems in a timely matter. pressure washed houses and made repairs to old / damaged frames. education 2005 ged central florida college 2009 epa certified universal skills c inventory windows window painting paint plumbing repairs roofing
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary versatile graphic designer summary versatile professional and hands-on leader who motivates trains and coaches employees to drive progress toward project and milestones. highlights customer-oriented employee training and development client and vendor relations invoicing and purchase orders ms office advanced problem solving skills driven strategic thinker superb communication skills detail oriented microsoft word excel powerpoint proficiency in web designing professional demeanor bilingual experience 05/2014 to 01/2016 graphic designer - tracked and evaluated staff performance and handled all promotions and terminations. completed purchase orders and customer invoices. prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates and design standards. adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials. recommended techniques methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects. 08/2012 to 01/2016 graphic designer - created visuals that appeal to leaders in the big data and high-tech world. surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters. designed unique print materials including advertisements brochures and logo designs. prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated multiple projects. responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-building expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers. 03/2013 to 05/2014 clerk - assessed customer needs and responded to questions. cleaned and straightened work area. issued receipts for purchases and gifts. bagged
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant skills income staff accountant skills income statement balance sheet budget expense vs. actual expense when necessary prepare income statements for special events yearly compiles information and assists in preparing annual budget utilizing microsoft office quickbooks excel experience staff accountant 01/2012 to 06/2014 responsible for the review and compilation of all financial information for multiple businesses monthly adjustments closing entries financial statements process payroll completing 1040 individual tax returns compose correspondences to the irs and nys to address and settle client tax issues. book keeping entering all expenses and revenue information bank credit card reconciliations sales tax complete sales tax reporting and payments for individual companies on a quarterly basis adjusting entries balance sheet accounts including recording depreciation interest expense accounts receivable accounts payable owners equity accounts complete closing entries for quarter and year end as needed complete financial statements budget analysis completed yearly comparisons and assisted with budget planning for each individual business based on financial statements and businesses growth throughout the year. supervise administrative payroll clerks responsible to train and supervise 1 full time and 2 part time employees in general office operations and to assist in data entry of payroll information payroll processing of weekly bi-weekly and monthly payroll for
__label__DESIGNER independent designer professional summary independent designer professional summary independent and results driven design professional with an extensive background in the design process. proficient in taking initiative along with a desire to achieve client satisfaction for a record of accomplished results. skills space planning workplace strategy project coordination ff e expertise problem resolution ada building codes written verbal communication product specification autocad ms office suite salesforce ada specification autocad strategy budgets verbal communication change management written council creativity customer satisfaction direction documentation innovation interior design team lead leadership materials meetings ms office suite office organizational personnel presentations problem resolution processes procurement programming project coordination real estate retail sales space planning work history independent designer 04/2020 to current create site and fixture plans utilizing autocad for walgreens chipotle and aspen dental for use by real estate developers and property investors. perform on-site surveys to produce autocad floor plan drawings of existing spaces for electronic documentation in addition to providing space improvement solutions and options. specifications manager 01/2015 to 03/2020 traveled extensively throughout my territory creating and conducting product presentations/meetings for architects designers builders furniture manufacturers facility managers retail and commercial end users. initiated new business and grew existing accounts by 40 percent while maintaining/nurturing relationships. identified
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering manager summary software engineering manager summary human resources professional with practical understanding of business needs and extensive experience delivering innovative solutions at the local and regional level. areas of expertise include conflict management employee training employee relations training payroll and and federal laws. highlights hiring and retention training and development recruiting compensation/payroll employee relations exceptional interpersonal skills compensation administration personnel records maintenance affirmative action compliance new hire orientation mediation expertise experience software engineering manager september 2009 to current visual c++ windows stl oop mfc threads file maps atl ipc ftp tcp http xml json services web services rest api soa media formats and standards codec sdk and integration mpeg-dash api design and documentation. bcd spinoff as imagine in 2013 nexio video servers and applications facilitate collaborative workflow in nexio lan with video servers services and applications running in various nodes. media comes from proprietary san or generic storage off nas. development and team management nexio servers applications 30+ products playout business unit relocated from il to ca took on larger role and video server applications product suite as well. led team of 6 from northridge team of 8 from naperville and team of 8 indirect report from beijing. adopted scrum since 2014
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations intern summary public relations intern summary team leader and developer with over five years experience in management sales customer service and achieving positive outcomes as a result of integrity hard work and innovative thinking. highlights of qualifications include professional experience serving on teams receiving regional and national recognition for excellence. proven leadership and motivation ability through management and volunteer roles. strong verbal and written communication skills. experience in the organization of staff and volunteers in multiple high-paced environments. experience public relations intern jun 2016 develop relationships with media contacts and ensure integrity within articles. execute media events in a timely fashion. write weekly press releases covering weekend sent to fans and sponsors. develop and manage content for digital media platforms including websites facebook twitter instagram snapchat google+ and youtube. manage crisis communications and develop talking points for internal and external audiences. sales service coordinator/assistant branch manager feb 2014 to may 2015 individual recipient of pinnacle award for the cincinnati region in quarter one 2015 - based on results of sales to goal 250 retail quality assurance audit operational employee satisfaction index rating and customer satisfaction index rating. ensured compliance with operational policies and procedures and provided workflow direction to branch staff members.
__label__ADVOCATE benefit advocate supervisor summary benefit advocate supervisor summary represent a reputable as an underwriter proving my value by building and supporting a healthy and profitable book of business. highlights licensed property casualty life and disabilty insurance agent in washington. technical and soft skill coaching supervising coverage counseling training. development of training materials workflows procedures sharepoint sites wiki pages quality assurance programs form letters and newsletter articles. problem solving de-escalations employee development quality assurance work force management time keeping vacation scheduling attendance and schedule adherence coaching hiring employee onboarding and termination. customer care front-line underwriting needs analysis cross selling up selling endorsing policies billing analysis collaboration project management. proficient with ms windows ms office applied epic vertafore sagitta / benefitpoint cc pulse verint impact 360 verba kronos mytime docusign taleo cisco enterprise/finesse/admin/report server salesforce service cloud and more. running reports analyzing and organizing data in excel using pivot tables. experience with products and services of a multitude of insurance carriers including but not limited to american modern chubb dairyland foremost kemper rli mapfre metlife mutual of enumclaw personalumbrella.com progressive safeco travelers premera blue cross regence blue shield united healthcare aetna cigna kaiser permanente group health symetra unum delta dental willamette dental and vsp. experience benefit
__label__FINANCE finance officer summary competent finance officer summary competent and reliable professional committed to excellence with proven team leading and team building skills who sees challenges as an opportunity to grow and develop. ability to lead a team of people from diverse backgrounds by communicating clear goals and objectives and understanding and resolving the needs of the team to ensure that targets are met. responsible analytical results oriented effective efficient and flexible work attitude which aims to achieve and surpass set goals. highly confidential honest pro-active individual who operates with integrity in all aspects of life possessing expertise in accounting supervisory management and training skills. highlights accpac accounting skills analytical reasoning budget analysis account reconciliations accomplishments liaised with the bpi team in investigating and understanding the nature of most of the errors on the savings ip schedules thus enabling me to clear most of the items successfully streamlined daily reconciliations in order to identify reconciling items errors and clear them in a timely manner achieved set targets and contributed to the overall attainment of the department and s goalstrained staff regarding standard operating procedures resolved differences between team members and ensured an atmosphere of unity and respect maintained dialog with customers in order to promote
__label__CONSULTANT consultant core qualifications skills consultant core qualifications skills and activities volunteer english teacher for teach india challenge for charity sql spss tableau ms excel power point. accomplishments evert mccabe fellowship rick and marilyn wong scholarship business technology club board member owned development testing and maintenance of 4 mission critical web services that powered a web based product that generated over 5m in annual revenue. won beyond the call of duty award for outstanding effort experience 04/2015 to 04/2015 consultant cloud and mobile services create journey maps and identify touch points for different personas of application developers. asses the capability maturity of different components within windows ios and android development platforms. 01/2015 to 03/2015 new product development consultant hyper-converged it infrastructure 06/2014 to 08/2014 product marketing manager intern vcloud air identified market size and target customer segments for a new hyper converged it infrastructure product. conducted competitive analysis. proposed a product for mid-market and a go-to-market strategy. vmware inc. palo alto ca summer 2014 product marketing manager intern vcloud air infrastructure as a service- iaas interviewed vmware customers to discover adoption rate of vcloud air based on use cases. identified top 10 customer use cases of vcloud air. presented specific changes to fine tune targeting
__label__AVIATION passenger service concourse manager passenger service concourse manager summary a dedicated and enthusiastic leader able to motivate employees to perform at their best in providing excellent service and developing ongoing profitable client relationships. creative resourceful and flexible able to adapt to changing priorities and maintain a positive attitude and strong work ethic. skills strategic planning team building personable client relationships dedicated flexible relationship building decision making time management conflict resolution adaptability ability to work under pressure creativity ability to work on a team microsoft word word processing spreadsheet microsoft excel microsoft programs scheduling accomplishments promoted 2 times within the last 5 years. diverse skill set in managing employees and customers throughout many areas of the aviation business proven ability to manage most complex concourses throughout the atlanta airport established a trustworthy relationship among the clients on multiple concourses. experience 12/2013 to current passenger service concourse manager maintain the appearance of equipment utilized throughout the day managing daily operation while driving safety policies directly responsible for overseeing 8 to 24 zone leaders communicated trained and pushed operational changes as directed maintained healthy working environment while working in busy atmosphere maintained and provided daily schedule to dispatchers and senior leaders attended delta shift briefing regularly in
__label__APPAREL inventory analyst materials planner inventory analyst materials planner summary industrial engineer with wide experience in manufacturing quality material planning and inventory control. reach revenue goals through hard work and process improvement. expert in mrp ii proficient in ms office and exact macola. bilingual english/spanish. areas of expertise material planning mrp inventory accuracy manufacturing planning and control. erp systems implementation firm knowledge of apics concepts. knowledgeable of lean manufacturing principles and the theory of constraints. process improvement accomplishments as material planner/inventory analyst achieved 99 inventory accuracy through weekly cycle counting and process improvement. eliminated production disruption caused by material shortage. as operations manager improved customer service by automating quote- order entry- billing process for a small business. as project manager reduced implementation time by 50 . experience 06/2008 - 08/2013 inventory analyst materials planner analyzed mrp output and exceptions. worked with procurement to expedite and prevent shortages revised and corrected safety stock levels audited inventory transactions and posted corrections. managed sub-contractors. implemented weekly cycle counting. achieved 99 inventory accuracy through bom analysis and process improvement. eliminated material shortage trough in depth analysis of process flow and transactions. mentored a comprehensive use of the software exact macola 11/2005 - 05/2008 operations manager scheduled job installation placed
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician summary creative engineering technician summary creative and innovative draftsman passionate about building designs and advanced construction solutions. seeking the best opportunity to further enhance present professional experience and expand knowledge base on architectural designs while growing with an organization. skills 3d modeling architectural drafting autocad read blueprints carpentry detail oriented drafting email floor plans frame 3dsmax mechanical messaging microsoft office applications multi-tasking painting problem solving skills reading renovation revit self-motivated supervisor experience engineering technician july 2015 to june 2017 creating and finalizing drawings on building plans. review projects with design and sealing engineers to find solutions to problems. assisting customers in the field via shop calls email or instant messaging. multi-tasking between various jobs daily. material handler july 2014 to december 2014 received instructions from a supervisor at the beginning of the work shift and was expected to complete the assigned tasks in a certain time frame. loaded and unloaded packages in metal containers and trucks. laborer june 2013 to august 2013 maintained campus upkeep and appearance. repaired replaced and installed signs around campus. janitorial/construction laborer june 2010 to august 2011 maintained building appearance including painting cleaning lawn care . involved in renovation projects including carpentry work and reading blueprints . janitorial
__label__ENGINEERING systems engineering manager summary systems engineering manager summary multifaceted technical manager with a broad spectrum of experience and knowledge excelling at being a conduit between the technical domain and financial processes. proficient in numerous areas from hardware engineering software engineering and subcontracts management. technical manager for 60m+ in complex software development including the functional management of 70+ systems engineers software engineers test engineers technical artists and game developers. skills technical management ms project agile software development jira handsoft epdm data analysis customer management systems hardware-software integration rational requisite pro clearquest visio doors lean/six sigma safety engineering requirements engineering creation system architecture design creo solidworks ansys 14 dfma dfa/dfm autocad zemax unigraphics i-deas intralink windchill drafting engineering drawings gd t tolerances bill of materials cage codes asme standards weld and material callouts development c++ java mathcad matlab simulink microsoft visual studio clearance active secret security clearance experience february 2010 to current systems engineering manager technical program manager for lcs game based learning manage 63 systems engineers software engineers test engineers technical artists and game developers responsible for budget scope and schedule for 55m worth of training software development led the setup of cross-functional team based development resulting in 12m+ cost savings championed the engineering of
__label__AVIATION quality control inspector summary quality control inspector summary southeast region veterans preference 10 point preference based on disability from military service availability full time permanent profile highly qualified aerospace inspector with over 18 years of rotary and fixed wing aircraft maintenance inspection and modification experience on military and commercial aircraft during my civilian aerospace experience i have prepared and retained records documentation and reports required by customer contract and/or instruction. tasked to review and verify technical data to customer requirements and correct data when nonconforming. in my military career i am required to work independently repairing and/or manufacturing components for military aircraft. i interpret blueprints and engineering drawings and then initiate processes or work instructions to manufacture specific components. after initial setup i audit and qualify technical data using aerospace quality assurance principles before production is performed. experience quality control inspector 10/2011 current supervisor hunter reed 912 -414-1558 completes classroom and on-the-job training to acquire exercise and maintain knowledge of the duties required to perform all inspection task ranging from first article inspections to process inspections. reviewing written quality or inspection procedures for adequacy and evaluating the implementation and effectiveness of quality/inspection systems including work plans. reviewing production activities and capabilities considering contract quality
__label__AVIATION personnel security specialist summary personnel security specialist summary dedicated security specialist professional that possess and excutes a broad knowledge of division processes to include personnel security information security physical security and industrial security. personable leader who comfortably interacts with people from diverse cultures and backgrounds. highlights security asset protection professional certification sappc security fundamentals professional certification sfpc cleared for top secret information and granted access to sensitive compartmented information based on a single scope background inestigaton. open ppr 204 12 12 joint personnel adjudication system e-qip microsoft office accomplishments deployed in support of a joint special operations task force in the centcom area of responsibility aor . provided full-spectrum security support to include personnel security information security physical security and industrial security. worked with joint personnel from all services as well as other government agencies. experience personnel security specialist 05/2014 to current personnel security specialist within a joint command presides over daily personnel security-related activities and maintenance of the established personnel security program in accordance with dod regulation 5200.2-r army regulation 380-67 and knowledgable of other dod and federal agencies personnel security program policies conducts prescreening interviews for sensitive activities sa position candidates conducts interviews with personnel requiring security clearances and provides assistance on
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary an experienced manager who is highly motivated and has vast knowledge of the retail industry. as a perfect role model for the team able to coach give feedback build morale roll out initiatives and make recommendations on merchandising and product presentation. able to handle high-profile and hands-on management roles that require commercial acumen and creative flair. as an exceptional person and also able to drive brand availability willing to take on board new ideas adapt them further to make them my own. i am ambitious and passionate about everything and comes from a strong sales and service background that allows to thrive in any competitive and challenging retail environments. right now ready and qualified for the next stage in an already hugely successful career and is looking forward to making a significant contribution to any future employer highlights organizational and planning skills customer service it skills shopper tally voyager business and commercial acumen drive motivation and initiative good team player oral and written communication numerical and analytical ability creativity and imagination ability to lead and motivate a team influencing and negotiation work under pressure and deadlines accomplishments opened 4 ebo s of u.s.polo assn. stores within
__label__CHEF executive chef summary accomplished executive chef summary accomplished chef with seasoned culinary and management experience in fine dining high volume catering and executive campus-wide restaurant oversight. background in providing exceptional territorial leadership while directing restaurants cafes and catering operations simultaneously. significant architect role in profit growth through comprehensive improvements in quality productivity efficiency and customer service by not only upgraded training and inspiring a management team but by also making the personal initiative to bring the same management inspiration to every member of kitchen and serving staff. sincere passion and high quality in all results of work produced. demonstrated expertise in purchasing inventory management food/beverage labor cost controls innovative menu development planning budget administration and direct proper fiduciary responsibility quality assurance control special events management customer service guest relations new facilities start-up development/planning/execution accomplishments created new caf menu and managed it s launch menu with new caf operations by a retrained staff resulting in an increase in sales by 60 that consistently grows more than 8 months later to present time. restructured training processes for new hires and updated training of current employees for a more effective energetic and pleasant customer service team that improved customer attendance by 18 . experience executive chef february
__label__BANKING placement agent / dorado placement agent / dorado beach resort accomplishments gpa 3.6 / 4.0 - ncaa / ita varsity scholar-athlete award winner yale university varsity tennis team / division 1 ncaa - recipient of stuart b. ludlum award 69 skills licenses proficient in dbc finance municipal bonds argus real estate snl financial bloomberg capital iq thomson one banker factset and all microsoft office products expert in excel finra series 7 license athletics interests marathon running tennis n.y. yankees n.y. giants military history politics and traveling professional experience may 2014 to current organized and structured the platinum banking team of firstbank puerto rico nyse fbp . led the development of a private banking group dedicated strictly to act 20 and act 22 tax exemption laws of 2012 clients that moved to puerto rico. led a team of experienced and motivated private banking professionals dedicated to serving act 20/22 clients on all suitable financial needs provide a broad range of services including business and individual deposit accounts commercial loans cash management services high-yield accounts credit cards mortgages leasing oreos and other resources available at the bank placement agent / dorado beach resort january 2007 to january 2012 representative highlights achieved 45 market share with over
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations director summary public relations director summary talented pr professional with 11 years expertise developing and executing all aspects of public outreach campaigns to increase media exposure and support strategic marketing initiatives. proven creative talent with demonstrated strength in media production messaging communications and dissemination techniques and methods. deep understanding of media relations accomplished track record of securing live television and on-site press coverage. highlights publicity and communications vendor and client relations media relations integrated campaigns project oversight advertising writing and editing strategic messaging special event coordination email marketing crisis communication journalistic interviews experience public relations director 01/2016 to current assistant director of public relations 01/2010 to 01/2016 directed the college s media relations activities including the production and dissemination of press releases media advisories and public service announcements. enhanced relationships with media to realize increased cooperation and better press coverage. managed editorial content design and distribution of the college s official e-newsletters. conducted media training for college spokesperson and other college personnel as needed. leveraged technical resources to design and create e-marketing campaign deliverables for the brcc foundation. transformed internal and external communication by implementing e-marketing strategies. wrote and edited articles web content advertising copy and publications for internal and external audiences.
__label__TEACHER teacher executive profile passionate teacher executive profile passionate creative leader with more than 5 years experience spearheading special events projects and initiatives in corporate and educational settings. strong oral and written communication skills in english and spanish which establish and maintain key working relationships across audiences. effective trainer/presenter of programs and initiatives for administration colleagues and students. enthusiastic people person with the ability to inspire influence and motivate others to be innovators and supporters of constant positive change. skill highlights professional experience teacher jul 2005 to current current assignment 4th grade bilingual teacher. produced academic achievements every year with 90-100 passing in all content areas. produced an 80 exceeding progress mathematics and a 30 exceeding progress performance in reading for the 2013-2014 school year serving a bilingual-special education class. served as a foro abierto consultant a spanish reading first educational program. major role player in many school initiatives and committees such as pbis partners in education robotics camp pltw and vertical alignment teams. invited to present as a spokesperson for lujan chavez at the region 19-pbis 2012-2013 border conference and after that presented alongside team every year in annual pbis conferences. presenter alongside our pbis team at the annual region 19-pbis conference. helped launch
__label__APPAREL director of pr social director of pr social media executive profile dynamic and results-driven senior public relations executive with over 7 years of experience in impacting brand presence performance and profitability internationally. strategic leader with notable success in development and execution of public relations marketing social media campaigns. well-connected individual with an extensive global network of editors journalists stylists producers talent agents and fashion influentials. well-versed in multiple social media platforms with a proven track record of establishing social media presence. areas of expertise media relations marketing collateral development market launches strategic planning execution internal communications acceleration of social media footprint social media strategy execution budgetary planning client relationship management strategic partnerships/alliances community outreach crisis management event planning fashion show production data analysis professional experience director of pr social media 06/2015 to current lead the pr social media strategy for the relaunch of delia s successfully repositioning the as a leading teen brand among its competitors. managed critical sponsorship opportunities for delia s with teen vogue s back to school program 5 seconds of summer concert series bearpaw x delia s free ads on the geoffrey tron screen in times square. secured extensive press social media coverage for delia s november catalog cover teen
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist professional information technology specialist professional profile quality-driven and practical systems administrator with number years aligning business systems with business policies and guidelines. looking to bring strong analytical and problem-solving skills to an industry-leading software company. qualifications comptia security + ce sy0-401 certified refined system debugging and diagnostic skills excellent analytical interpersonal communication and organizational skills system administration unix system performance monitoring team player and self-starter with the ability to operate without detailed work direction working knowledge of application servers j2ee oracle unix o/s linux ldap database service oriented architecture and physical architectures mainframe remedy virtual machine high proficiency level in ms office word powerpoint excel outlook relevant experience automated repeatable tasks where possible to increase efficiency.consistently received a 100 rate of customer satisfaction.performed root cause analysis to identify system errors and improve accuracy by 15 .awarded with the tech of the quarter for contributions to mission. experience information technology specialist sep 2013 to dec 2015 5 years of experience in the maintenance and troubleshooting of complex infrastructure. provide help desk services first level of troubleshooting to all customers on multiple systems. use internally developed maintenance provider plans procedures and tools to identify troubleshoot and diagnose failures and restore system capability to
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations executive professional public relations executive professional summary a highly skilled public relations communications and special events executive with 15 +years of public relations business development and operations experience. she has strong strategic thinking and planning skills able to achieve goals with high efficiency and within tight parameters. outstanding interpersonal management skills establishes rapport and credibility quickly. ms. alexander has excellent team and project leadership qualities. highly articulate with written and spoken word quick thinking and possesses sound judgment. ms. alexander maximizes her business effectiveness and is experienced with managing and working with databases and software including excel power point outlook and cision. skills media relations strategic management event planning print media expertise strategic thinking excellent planning skills outstanding interpersonal management skills work history public relations executive 08/2002 to current sign new business write pr proposals broker talent deals maintained client relationships supervised music red carpet events provided crisis pr managed staff. responsibilities also include creating implementing and executing creative press campaigns special events for recording artists professional athletes television and film personalities as well as music lifestyle and entertainment companies along with vip/celebrity event management. delegate tasks and oversees staff which includes associate publicists managers coordinators executive assistants to enhance their publicity
__label__TEACHER teacher summary my applied teacher summary my applied experience in elementary level teaching combined with my b.a in history/music as well alt. certification k-5 makes me a worthy contender for a teacher position at your school .utilizing my skills and expertise i am eager to become a key member of your team. as specified in the enclosed resume i offer you the following attributes in order to contribute to your ongoing success well versed in assisting children in build social cognitive emotional and physical skills. adept at providing a stimulating conducive classroom environment. special talent for utilizing the highest quality teaching resources and classroom materials. it is paramount that in order to become the best teacher good interaction with the students is essential - aside from imparting good knowledge. the expectation of what the students think and how they would think in a particular of affairs is equally important in my point of view. in addition i apply an innovative teaching approach which includes the incorporation of 21st century skill sets that will prepare my students to compete with other students both nationally and internationally. of all my strengths i take extreme pride in the patience and dedication required to meet the needs of
__label__SALES sales associate highlights computer sales associate highlights computer proficiency client relations experience sales associate october 2014 to current responsibilities assist store management in merchandising the store in accordance with directed standards. supervise the sales staff to generate sales through effective sales techniques and approved customer service practices. maintain current knowledge of the product and how to apply it while servicing the customer. sell the merchandise.assist the store manager and assistant manager to ensure the store is school and inventory account ready. supervise the staff in the absence of the store manager and assistant manage. assist in the training of sales staff on policies and procedures and in particular selling techniques. ensure staff is well versed in directed customer service practices. comply with all directed policies and procedures as they relate to the store operations receiving of merchandise store opening and closing cash register transactions daily cash reconciliation and inventory control. maintain security of the store and understand the operations of the store security system. skills used participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals. worked independently and as part of a team to achieve numerous objectives. described use and operation of merchandise to customers. received and processed cash
__label__CHEF pampered chef summary adept pampered chef summary adept at organizing and facilitating management and team building training programs as well as staff and customer appreciation activities that have created exceptional team camaraderie customer loyalty and growth an award-winning and recognized salesperson and corporate trainer. organized fun and driven effective at using efficient techniques in both sales and training while focusing on the needs of the team members the corporation and the customer. dependable resourceful approachable liked and hands-on highlights 21 years of sales corporate training and team building with pampered chef a berkshire-hathaway company. proficient in organizing group events and staff training activities with clear objectives and outcome goals. experienced in creating and presenting training workshops to groups from 1 to 3 000 in product knowledge sales techniques customer service smart business practices and team building. featured consultant on pampered chef s 2014 nationwide training dvd. enthusiastic approachable and easy-to-learn from. consistent excellence awards achiever top 1.5 in sales team production and recruiting. featured on several corporate-sponsored and produce literature pieces as a sales and training expert in the industry. utilize creative training techniques and business games to create a fun learning-centered environment. my live cooking shows and workshop presentations were selected and made
__label__HR hr consulting summary 7+ hr consulting summary 7+ years of experience as a hr partner with experience in all the facets of the human resource function. extensive background in hr generalist affairs including experience in recruiting on boarding performance management employee retention staff development mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation hr records management hr policies jobs and competencies. demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises developing teambuilding programs corporate policies. experience in recruitment full life cycle recruiting involving resourcing sourcing interviewing placement and on boarding. core functional strengths hr generalist responsibilities benefits/payroll administration hr policies procedures performance management data analysis and reporting staff retention employee relations hr programs recruitment/hiring employee counseling administration conflict resolution orientation on-boarding sap hr - database access training development organizational development compensation and benefits highlights hris applications sap proficient with ms office word excel powerpoint access outlook payroll softwares for payroll processing experience 07/2009 to 01/2014 hr consulting 07/2008 to 05/2009 hr coordinator 05/2007 to 06/2008 hr assistant i was able to reduce the employee attrition by 5 in my business unit with higher employee connect and rolling out programs boosting the employee morale. worked on developing the existing employee appraisal process to a comprehensive performance management process resulting in several
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS owner/consultant summary proven marketing owner/consultant summary proven marketing and public relations executive with expertise in creating implementing and executing all facets of marketing press and national promotions including major entertainment industry premieres concerts and events and national network and product launches. extensive experience in the hospitality music family biotech and non-profit industries. highlights experience owner/consultant august 2006 to current develop and implement public relations plans and strategies for top consumer brands and gain major local and national exposure for clients. clients have included the first annual la costa film festival spinal elements make-a-wish san diego american express ogilvy public relations ny walt disney records the los angeles college of music keep california beautiful and the locally-based rock n roll marathon and kids rock marathon series. highlights include . securing placement of major feature stories on television in newspapers and magazines on both the national and local level including but not limited to the associated press time magazine rolling stone oprah magazine fast business week aarp magazine ladies home journal fox business news cnn usa today the new york daily news the los angeles times extra e news daily and numerous top daily newspapers and tv stations across the country. consistently place major stories for
__label__CHEF chef professional summary to chef professional summary to obtain a position within an environment that offers a challenge and the capability to gain more knowledge about the company. to be given the opportunity to grow within the and the chance to progress in my career. once a job is obtained within a specific organization to have the ability to help the advance productively and efficiently. professional experience august 2007 to september 2009 chef prepped food for catered events such as weddings parties and business luncheons. set-up tables and chairs for banquet and dining space. executed banquet style and plated lunches and dinner. october 2007 to september 2009 chef/assistant manager prep and cook for lunch service catered business lunches for ceo of the museum manage daily sales reports train new personnel both front and back of the house track weekly food cost. october 2006 to october 2007 cook prep for dinner service. prep and cook for banquet parties of 50 or more clients. line cook during dinner service. bake desserts for both the restaurant and banquet services. april 2004 to august 2005 cashier process customer transactions. help customers apply for sears credit cards. process customer return of merchandise. sort fold put away unwanted merchandise. education
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development specialist/ae professional business development specialist/ae professional summary i am an exceptionally creative and results-driven marketing professional with over 20 years of successful experience covering the entire gamut of the industry. i am extremely adept at all levels of communication work extremely well independently or as part of a group while possessing strong supervisory organizational and staff management skills. i am experienced in all related design database/analysis and presentation programs and have extremely strong media identification planning and negotiation skills-with a solid history of success in targeting primary demographics. i possess exemplary project management budgetary and analytic skills and bring a rare mix of right-brain creativity and left-brain organizational skills to the table and am currently seeking a challenging position within my field of proven expertise. extremely adept at multi-tasking-with the ability to effectively juggle multiple projects and deadlines experience in developing metrics and methodologies to assess campaign effectiveness and roi statistics strong media identification negotiation planning campaign creation production and assessment skills highly-experienced in all phases of print production including design negotiation press checks pre-press and print operations highly-experienced in all phases of media planning budgeting negotiation trafficking and assessment highly-experienced in all phases of television and radio campaign production and development
__label__CHEF sous chef summary i sous chef summary i am a highly skilled sous chef . i started at the hilton barbados as a commis 1 and has been promoted to demi chef de partie chef de partie and senior chef de partie. i am now at the rank of sous chef .i have a passion for the culinary arts and believe in team engagement . i am a hard working pro active sous chef who is very dependable . i am quality focused resourceful and i am seeking to use my skills and talent to add to the operation . i am ready and qualified for the next challenge . i keep up to date with culinary trends to help improve the dining experience for the guests . i have experience working in fast pace kitchens and producing results. highlights strong management skills focused and disciplined focused on cost control and working within budget supervisor of the year 2010 2011 trainer of the year 2012 team leader managing 65 chefs and stewards menu writing and costing skills trainer create opportunities to increase revenue decrease kitchen expenses and maximize productivity with out compromising guest satisfaction past chairman of the blue energy committee manage monthly budgets
__label__ARTS full time student/intern summary full time student/intern summary tank platoon sergeant with twenty-four years of dedicated military service with the u.s. army two years experience as a qualified trainer and instructor at the u.s. army armor school successfully managed diverse groups of employees. my present position has facilitated the learning of the importance of providing timely support and services while managing a multitude of tasks. assisted in the conduct of program orientations for large and small groups complete individual mentoring of students analyzed and synthesized data and information wrote clear and concise reports and effectively communicated with the staff students and many members of a multidisciplinary team. career supported by a recent completion of a bachelors degree in social work. team building personnel management inventory/supply management time management training evaluation safety/risk management inner-agency coordination training and development policy implementation needs assessment curriculum development organization/communication research/analysis microsoft word power point excel accomplishments graduated with honors with a 3.69 gpa from the university of louisville with a bachelor s degree in social work. completed 560 hours of social work practicum internship with the fort knox warrior transition center. bsw cum laude - 2015 bronze star/meritorious service medal 2 /arcom 11 /aam 7 /overseas service medal 4
__label__HR hr personnel assistant summary hr personnel assistant summary i am a u.s. citizen who is authorized to work in the us for any employer. i have worked 8 years as an office clerk 2 years as a student intern/office assistant and 4 years as a contractor. i am applying for the data entry clerk position advert id# 224278 advert id# 224278 . my skills and experiences include administrative support auditing file management meeting facilitation office materials management inventory management. highlights computer skills microsoft word ms excel ms outlook ms powerpoint peoplesoft. typing skills 40-60 wpm. additional skills administrative support auditing clerical copy customer service data entry delivery documentation fax file management letters meeting facilitation organizational skills proofreading receptionist research scanning scheduling secretarial telephone skills office equipment maintenance and inventory management. experience hr personnel assistant 03/2013 to 04/2014 supported human resources staff with new hire orientations and monthly departmental meetings. entered updated personnel and subcontractor data into a central database. reviewed human resource paperwork for accuracy and completeness by verifying collecting and correcting additional employee data. composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. maintained heavy filing of hr personnel action forms
__label__SALES sales manager professional summary sales manager professional summary accomplished and energetic with a solid history of achievement in sales. motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities. areas of expertise include meeting goals negotiation and selling to customer needs. interests music production graphic art and design and fitness training skills computers and electronics administration and management critical thinking negotiation persuasion sales and marketing experience 01/2010 to current sales manager resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service. direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products services commodities or other subjects of sale. plan and direct staffing training and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service. determine price schedules and discount rates. confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase. review operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability. direct foreign sales and service outlets of an organization. advise dealers and distributors on policies and operating procedures to ensure functional effectiveness of business. monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. confer or consult with department heads to plan advertising services and to secure information on equipment and customer specifications. direct coordinate and review activities in sales and service accounting and record
__label__FINANCE finance director summary marketing finance director summary marketing manager accomplished in all aspects of campaign development including copywriting and editing list selection email social media marketing and production. excited to grow with a that is innovative groundbreaking and revolutionary in the fields of journalism and social media. education 2015 bachelor of arts journalism southern illinois university us 2012 associate of arts creative writing lincoln college us leadership experience advocate sisters interacting successfully august 12 - 14 center of inclusive excellence southern illinois university mentor minority freshman women through their first year at the university create programming that would aid in the esteem and retention of sis participants liaison between first year students and resources on campus. vice president blacks interested in business august 13 - 14 college of business southern illinois university managed the progress of committee chairs while maintaining positive professional relationships with other organizations on campus. serve as contact personal for the minority student leadership council. speaker of the house during service events created events that expanded beyond the college of business into the communications department. finance director minority student leadership council october 12 southern illinois university liaison between blacks interested in business and the council. created fundraising events to sponsor annual
__label__ACCOUNTANT corporate accountant summary i corporate accountant summary i am a highly motivated hardworking college graduate with hands on experiences in daily accounting practices looking to obtain a position with a where i can utilize my analytical abilities and professional skills acquired through academic preparation and work experience. i am an accounting professional recognized for my self-starting abilities and skilled in regulatory reporting accounting operations and tax accounting. i am matriculate results-oriented and solution-focused individual with great motivational and leadership qualities that work extremely well under pressure in a team setting as well as on my own. areas of personal strengths include but are not limited to highlights organizational skills communication skills time mgmt. skills great motivator analytical abilities reliable delegation of duties multitasking abilities work ethics problem solver prioritizing ability self starter punctual sap microsoft great plains quickbooks microsoft outlook familiarity microsoft access knowledge analytical reasoning financial statement analysis strength in regulatory reporting compliance testing knowledge understands foreign tax reporting budget forecasting expertise account reconciliation expert complex problem solving strong organizational skills sec and call reporting proficiency general ledger accounting superior research skills flexible team player advanced computer proficiency in depth familiarity with microsoft excel microsoft word proficiency microsoft power point microsoft publisher knowledge
__label__APPAREL senior product development manager senior product development manager summary product development sourcing and retail professional respected retail professional who leverages expertise in production negotiation supplier management and relationship building skills to drive and deliver solid business results. highly adept with working with cross-functional teams and key stakeholders to maximize business opportunities . strong leadership skills demonstrated success with managing initiatives of varying scope and sizes and working collaboratively for optimal results. skills team leadership global experience project management problem solving budget management product launch process improvement innovation client relations contract negotiation experience senior product development manager jul 2015 to current created a robust product development team that interacts with design and sales in partnership with the parent tal the world s leading manufacturer of men s high quality dress shirts. created structure and organization to build a product development team that executes to strict time action guidelines. developed processes and systems to improve workload efficiencies and improve timing of deliverables. worked to maintain focus and execution while encouraging innovative thinking and ideas. conducted intensive competitive shopping activities both in store and on line. worked across design sales and external customers to deliver over 100 million at cost annually. sourcing senior manager jan 2007 to
__label__ACCOUNTANT project accountant professional summary project accountant professional summary obtain a position in a professional organization where i can apply my skills and loyalty in exchange for career guidance training and opportunity for advancement. core qualifications microsoft office word excel powerpoint access . fcr online application for financial transactions. experience july 2012 to december 2013 project accountant the project funded by usace- united army corps of engineers performed weekly cash counts and monthly bank account reconciliations and reports back to the mtn / dc home office project accountant. entered all transactions into the webfcr and uploaded backup to the webfcr on a daily basis prepared cash flow projects for upcoming months cash forecast and submitted the budget request every month. uploaded all vendor/ contractor invoices to ims and ensured all payments are made in a timely manner to vendors and employees. reviewed a limited variety of accounting documents and/or transactions to ensure proper supporting documentation has been submitted. february 2011 to june 2012 subcontract accountant the program funded by usaid- united agency for international development reviewed all supplier/subcontractor invoices bill and requests for payment transfer from lbg-b v office to be reviewed and approved by contract manager task order manager and chief of party. kept
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary resourceful marketing consultant summary resourceful marketing manager accomplished in all aspects of program and project management content/collateral development web/online marketing including web development and design social media and sem. self-starter skilled at analyzing market trends and customer/stakeholder needs to develop and manage highly-effective programs and campaigns. team player with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology and business audiences. highlights web marketing product marketing event marketing marketing corporate communications web content design creative/collateral design development management japanese localization accomplishments organized and co-produced japan s first large-scale multi-media event digital be-in tokyo 95 collaborating with verbum inc. and idg japan and delivered a short keynote at the event in japan translated legal care for your software by daniel remer and jaws maui by charles lyon which were successfully published in japan wrote and published articles in publications both in the us and japan increased revenue by 3 million each through oem marketing programs and account management at go and 3com experience consultant 06/2001 to current consulted for firms including customers matter panasonic usa vs technologies and uniforce sales engineering. my services included program/project management market research event manage website design development content/collateral development and management event management public relations japanese localization and management.
__label__AVIATION production supervisor / value production supervisor / value stream leader summary to obtain employment within your with an opportunity for growth and advancement. highlights experienced in production scheduling knowledgeable of quality control standards experience in value stream mapping dedication to product quality accomplishments planned directed coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements.supervised first shift operations and more than thirty-five production and assembly line staff. experience production supervisor / value stream leader october 2014 responsible for daily production needs within the basic compressor build lines. reviewed production orders schedules delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability. mastered the intricacies of the process flow within each department. established and adjusted work procedures to meet production schedules. supervised production schedules production quality and on time delivery. reviewed production orders schedules delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability. implemented root cause and corrective actions to remove production constraints and improve product quality. improved efficiency and productivity by eliminating waste and production constraints. organized prioritized and managed plant maintenance projects to keep facility safe efficient and clean. engineering lab manager july 1997 to october 2014 responsible for building and assembling test compressors and auxiliary test equipment recording test procedures and results and making
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary to accountant professional summary to obtain a challenging position in a professional and dynamic environment while utilizing my skills and experience to further my career in accounting. core qualifications excel word access and powerpoint knowledge of sap system experience accountant march 2001 to current document monthly close procedures and recommend and implement new processes as needed. govern inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts and perform analysis including cash settlement on a monthly basis. balance inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts before the close of the balance sheet. prepare inter-company wire transfer requisitions for manager approval and subsequently complete the cash settlement forecast for the treasury department. validate cash settlements through the treasury report to ensure that all wires have been processed. communicate inter-company settlement status to senior management. prepare and post the accounts payable and paper settlement journal entries for the subsidiary companies that are 100 percent reinsured by the parent company. complete account reconciliation by the alert reporting deadlines. prepare a business summary analysis bsa for inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts on a quarterly basis and submit the bsa to the corporate accounting department. approved sap account requests from multiple departments. accountant april 1999 to march 2001 assisted in budgeting the annual
__label__ARTS intervention specialist teacher of intervention specialist teacher of math and language arts objective to gain the position as the resource room teacher at howell township public schools. summary of qualifications demonstrated ability to design developmentally appropriate lessons and activities allowing integration of all learning styles. highly educated in differentiated classrooms. determined to maximize the educational achievement of each student. trained in developmental reading assessments common core standards standard solutions wonders anti-bullying. hard-working and organized. knowledge and respect for all students and parental rights. professional leadership and management skills. excellent technology skills word powerpoint smart notebook achieve3000 . dedicated to continuous professional development. experience intervention specialist teacher of math and language arts october 2013 to may 2014 identified students with substantial academic difficulties through evaluation using developmental reading assessments and consultation with staff members of referred students. developed differentiated lessons plans and selected appropriate instructional materials to reach individualized student goals. developed and implemented creative lessons with clear objectives linked to the common core that incorporated differentiated instruction. attended and gained knowledge at numerous in-services. improved overall lexiles and test scores. facilitated group lessons dependent on student reading levels determined by running record assessments. evaluated student growth through progress monitoring of formal and informal assessments.
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary as a consultant summary as a proud microsoft employee i m driven by customer obsession growth mindset and one microsoft principles. in every position i ve had at microsoft my guiding principle has been taking customer feedback and advocating for cross-organizational initiatives to unite the ecosystem to provide the best possible product services and support experience for our customers. combining my technical knowledge and experience with my excellent communication problem solving and strategic planning skills i have been on the front lines providing dedicated engineering support delivered and created services global portfolio offerings architected and delivered cloud migration engagements driven our critical watch-list customers through get to green programs and built proactive outreach scale models to empower the entire microsoft ecosystem from account teams support services and product engineering teams with visibility awareness data and actionable guidance to improve customers skype for business and o365 experience. experience 02/2016 to current consultant enterprise communications global practice microsoft accepted a position in ecgp specifically to help develop and expand the get healthy program as well as act as a solutions architect for pre-sales artefact and delivery activities on these engagements. my key contribution to date has been taking the on premises framework and content
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary senior senior accountant summary senior accounting professional with extensive experience in various areas of accounting and finance. visionary with strategic analytical skills. practical articulate and creative with proven ability to positively impact an organization s financial health. proven ability to resolve conflict improve processes and is lean six sigma certified. an expert negotiator with a continuous focus on roi. able to consistently meet challenges in a demanding work environment to achieve and exceed organizational goals.results-orientated in a deadline-driven environment. performance improvement and excellent vendor relations and customer service skills. conceptual and exceptional multitasking abilities. expertise includes highlights cost control month-end reconciliation and analysis budgeting and forecasting financial statements reporting analytical and critical thinker self-starter superior research and investigation aptitude internal and external auditing experience 11/2009 - 01/2016 - senior accountant one of the largest national providers of emergency and hospital medicine contract management services with an annual revenue of 350 million. hpp serves and supports hospital clients in more than 20 states and physicians across the country. managed subsidy revenue and a/r process associated with over 70 contracts totaling 53 million in revenue. the process involved monthly closings preparation of journal entries accounts reconciliations and analysis. preparation of monthly invoices audit
__label__CONSTRUCTION driver/manager professional summary 4 driver/manager professional summary 4 years of total customer service and physical labor. great time management and interpersonal skills. the perfect team player and top of the line customer service. i m looking to fill a position where i can not only sharpen my skills in the work place but also contribute to any business to help it grow more. experience driver/manager 06/2015 to 10/2015 - loading and unloading truck at warehouse during assigned times ensuring customers were happy with their products unloading for individual contractors or residents upon product delivery built relationship to better give our customers the best quality of good as well as customer service. further increased my role within the where i would manage a spoke route that would deliver merchandise by bicycle and tricycle. i handpicked orders depending on time frame and quantity then loaded bikes and tricycle depending on distance as well as timeframe. maintained. dispatched each cyclist to ensure we meet time schedules and budget expenses. during deliveries and at end of day i recorded all deliveries calculated late and early drop offs missing or wrong orders which cyclist delivered each order also emailed day results to amazon managers and warehouse managers. personal accountant
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations specialist https public relations specialist https //chelseapensapiece.wordpress.com/ professional summary highly ambitious communications professional excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. broad experience across military healthcare and engineering industries. skills media relations media communications digital marketing research strategic planning social media social media analysis content management systems strong verbal communication project management work history public relations specialist 03/2017 to current author news releases pitches blogs ceo letters articles and commentaries for various platforms to include trade publications statistical reports online blogs and other forms of external media provides staff assistance in carrying out information and strategic marketing programs of nccpa prepare and draft press releases biannually for more than 50 recipients of the certificate of added credentials script host and record quarterly podcasts on topics related to certification health philanthropy exam development research emerging trends and topics in healthcare for fact sheets and news pitches to healthcare journalists attend healthcare conferences to promote the value of the certification process social media contributor create monthly staff newsletter public affairs specialist 12/2010 to current prepares and distributes written and visual information for external and internal audiences author regular mission-related stories for base publications and public websites several articles re-released to wider audiences on
__label__TEACHER reading teacher summary i reading teacher summary i am a highly motivated educator and self-starter with a passionate commitment to learners and their success and growth. i am accountable and thorough with a history of sound decision-making and innovative skills that have helped a plethora of teachers and students succeed. as a professional educator with an extensive background in student success i am also a certified life and success coach. i look forward to extending my expertise to the teachers and staff at van buren middle school. i believe that student success is inevitable with competent passionate all in teachers that will stand by their side inspiring productivity and essentially life long learners.. highlights 97 senior student success rate 2016-2017 15 years of successful teaching experience tenured hillsborough alliance for black school educators habse teacher of the year 2016-2017 teacher of the year greco middle school 2005-2006 rookie teacher of the year greco middle school 2002-2003 experience august 2006 to may 2017 reading teacher reading endorsed helped students develop and improve study methods and habits. used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures discussions and demonstrations. improved 97 reading scores to satisfy graduation requirements met with parents and guardians to discuss students progress
__label__DESIGNER senior product designer professional senior product designer professional summary as a proven experienced product designer i am involved in every phase of product design cycles from initial concept to post-production. i cost reduce products and expand existing product lines by developing numerous patentable items. call me if you desire a mature dependable leader having solid practical experience with an eye to the future and functional marketability. skills autocad proficient solid works 3d solid modeling complex problem solving technical problem-solving works well in diverse team environment team leadership strong decision maker injection molded plastic mass-manufacturing techniques corel draw graphics proficient technical illustrations product usage line art logos catalogue and brochure layout and design microsoft office proficient creative concept development website development silk-screen printing work history senior product designer april 1984 to current - conceived developed and specified product components for new product development. worked with product planners and industrial designers to conceptualize and refine product concepts. developed and tested models of alternate designs and processing methods to assess cost and manufacturing feasibility. created solid model component and assembly files for virtual representation of designs. ordered rapid prototypes and supervised testing and ongoing development and performance of design. supported product designs through test analysis and simulation.
__label__ADVOCATE intern professional summary client intern professional summary client negotiation and mediation skills. client relationship building/management derived through experience. problem identification and solution development impressive management experience in systemization and regulatory compliance. possess excellent oral and written communication skills as well as interpersonal skills among colleagues and outside vendors. strong customer/client focus with the ability ascertain and analyze customer needs. result-driven professional who has a positive attitude that serves as a foundation to deliver strong sustainable results. maintains the skillfulness to envision new program conceptions to effectively network collaborate and maintain positive partnerships with staff community and vendors. complex problem solving skills compassionate safety-conscious self-starter. education and training prairie jr. college may 2012 associate of arts psychology usa governor s university december 2014 bachelor of health administration health administration deans list 2014 academic achievement award governors university 2014 associate of arts nursing home administration usa gpa dean s list nha certification skill highlights proven patience and self-discipline motivation techniques specialist confident public speaker conflict resolution government relations knowledge patient-oriented personal and professional integrity relationship and team building cultural awareness and sensitivity critical thinking proficiency professional experience september 2014 to july 2015 intern updated proposals in compliance with cme operational standards. developed a working knowledge of
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing communications executive executive marketing communications executive executive profile creative leader offering rich career experience in corporate communications for domestic and global brands and strategic communications for use on social media internal operations and multi-media production. successfully communicates brand messages to impressive heights through story-telling key to transforming ideas into realities. achievements include product penetration brand recognition and value brand and image awareness visual communications and public relations campaign management/execution. recognized skills in content development project planning/management multi-million-dollar budget oversight business development advertising and agency management. skill highlights persuasive leader skilled negotiator brand champion revenue generator communications branding strategic planning operations social media marketing digital production budgeting project planning execution business development support customer service leadership sales core accomplishments capitalize on story-telling talents and visionary approach to communicate corporate accomplishments across all media including success in global media platforms such as youtube twitter facebook linkedin instagram vimeo and tumblr principal player that navigated robert redford s sundance tv from conceptualization through launch. collaborated with television and feature film producers and distributors cemented 12+ national partnerships and spearheaded public relations and corporate communications campaigns that garnered global coverage. developed communication positioning that boosted entity from a premium-only subscriber base to recognition as a vital entertainment
__label__SALES sales manager summary driven sales manager summary driven sales and marketing professional with strong track record of planning organizing generating leads and building and leading high performing teams with 4+ years of experience in sales business development and project management in the trucking and mining industry. bilingual and quick learner with an ability to prioritize simultaneous projects prospect clients and perform well in a demanding environment. strong communication presentation organizational and problem-solving skills. highlights research and analysis strategic marketing fluent in spanish customer service detailed oriented strategic sales leadership business development key account management market planning experience sales manager 11/2014 to 01/2016 extraction and international commercialization of bulk asphaltite chile office usd3mm est. 2016 . led santiago office sales from inception to usd3mm est.2016 by successfully identifying and securing customers in usa and latin america. formulated detailed sales and profitability forecast for a 5-yr expansion plan successfully achieving goals for the first 18 months. improved customer service resulting in 43 increase in repeated sales. project manager 08/2012 to 09/2014 customized truck body and trailer builder for the mining electricity distribution agricultural sanitation and firefighting sectors integrating equipment from national crane altec heil mongoose jetters and others on mercedes benz vw freightliners and international truck
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manger iii summary construction manger iii summary motivated professional construction manager with excellent interpersonal skills. works in a timely and efficient manner to see tough jobs through to completion. bringing valuable experience from large corporate construction sites as well as residential home repair projects. highlights cpr certified and standard first aid storm water compliance manager ultraweld exothermic connection training knowledge of transformers high voltage switchgear automatic tansformer switch single and three-phase power proficient in ms excel ms word excellent customer service conflict resolution and job prioritization experience construction manger iii 07/2014 to 07/2015 provided accurate measurements and estimates for all projects and meet budget expectations. climbing and working on communications towers for the purpose of installing replacing and repairing antenna systems equipment performed tower maintenance under close supervision. as an experienced tower manager lead in the construction installation and maintenance of communications to tower and support structures. implemented systems to improve process efficiency and reduce the project duration. scheduled all contractors and materials deliveries. responsible for managing the overall project execution performance including scope cost safety quality schedule implementation and customer satisfaction. serve as a single-point of contact between project management and construction execution. providing oversight during construction on all assigned construction projects.
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician professional profile engineering technician professional profile to obtain a challenging career in electronic technology field. extensive experience successfully testing and analyzing complex circuit packs and systems. takes the initiative to take on challenging problems and follows through to their resolution. capable of working independently or as a team player. worked with fiber optics receivers and transmitters since 1999. qualifications critical thinking effective multitasking deadline compliance works well under pressure highly responsible and reliable establishing goals and setting priorities team player initiative to work independent experienced in production scheduling excellent problem solving skills troubleshooting at component level schematics reading microsoft office suite expert relevant experience personally managed production activities to guarantee 100 of orders were shipped on-time. promoted to team leader within 4 years of employment. planned directed coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements. tracked daily processing reports with 100 accuracy. cut inventory by more than half and improved on-time delivery to 100 by reducing the scrap. proudly rated by management as a leading performer. worked with r d and technical services teams in the execution of experimental and pivotal batches. problem diagnosis used operational knowledge of systems parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly. work experience
__label__DESIGNER jewelry designer and owner jewelry designer and owner summary skillful and dedicated executive assistant with extensive experience in the coordination planning and support of daily operational and administrative functions in a highly confidential environment. highlights microsoft office proficiency proper phone etiquette time management flexible professional and mature strong problem solver works well under pressure social media knowledge database management customer service-oriented meeting planning travel administration legal administrative support self-starter experience current jewelry designer and owner hand crafted beaded and one-of-a-kind clay jewelry creations. store presence on etsy.com. business is promoted throughout various social media outlets. my objective is be involved in local arts and crafts shows. september 2013 to april 2015 logistics service representative safely transported lab specimens medical records pharmaceuticals x-rays hospital supplies interoffice mail and related material. operated a hand-held scanning device to accurately track items through the transportation cycle. strictly observed operating policies procedures and service schedules. demonstrated safe and courteous driving behavior. presented a professional image to clients and the public through appearance and interaction. conducted pre/post trip vehicle inspections and maintained a clean neat and orderly vehicle. provided highest level of customer service. april 2009 to august 2013 courier/driver prime inc over the road team truck driver refrigerated division
__label__HR executive assistant hr summary executive assistant hr summary skillful and dedicated executive assistant with extensive experience in the coordination planning and support of daily operational and administrative functions in a highly confidential environment. focused results-driven professional looking to obtain a career oriented administrative position with newark cedc. office management calendar management policies procedures manuals report document preparation spreadsheet database creation bookkeeping payroll records management meeting event planning facility management highlights word excel access powerpoint sap lotus notes oracle experience executive assistant hr 01/2014 to current providing administrative support to president of home-care service provider to the developmentally disable population. maintain calendar process requisitions and organize meetings. administer pre-employment training and testing. mange bi-weekly payroll for 100 employees maintain schedules and calendar management for president. maintain organization charts staffing/workforce plans hr audit files and other confidential materials. coordinate with recruiting and staffing to process new hires. handle all administrative support responsibilities related to hr. biller 12/1999 to 05/2004 processed incoming and outgoing shipments. analyzed customer billing issues for corrective actions. provided assistance to dock personnel and suppliers on shortages and overages. assisted in special projects as needed. administrative assistant 10/1997 to 08/2013 responsible for assisting the director of engineering vp of construction hs e director
__label__CONSTRUCTION license contractor summary detail-oriented license contractor summary detail-oriented specializing in residential and commercial construction with sales and professional development experience with more than 30 years of expertise in all facets of the construction industry. verifiable track record for successful completion of multi-million dollar projects that consist of high rises located in the las vegas and chicago downtown areas through coordinating trades developing partnerships and building positive rapport with architects engineers local officials vendors and clients while maintaining costs. well verse in contract negotiation project budget impending designs issues document preparation building code regulations material procurement and site management through certification of occupancy . areas of expertise include leadership team building quality control management permits building codes workplace safety compliance construction planning scheduling organization time management critical path project management vendor materials management budget analysis estimating job cost highlights knowledge of and experience working with paint experience with various hand and power tools and heavy equipment skid steer loader meg-roller and forklift experience working on high-rises deep tunnel bridges roofs porches concrete/wood drywall trim work windows cabinets hardwood floors ceramic vinyl acoustical ceilings train-tracks houses foundations docks water-mains sidewalk plumbing hvac electrical software ms office proficient concrete estimation superb management skills project budgeting cost control
__label__DESIGNER lead designer career focus lead designer career focus an professional with experience in dealing with the optimization of complex processes or systems as well as providing steel framing solutions to residential and commercial applications.dedicated engineer with excellent technical analytical and communication skills demonstrated by 4 years of experience.experienced cad drafter with solid knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. proven ability to manage multiple projects and meet critical deadlines. skills certification six sigma greenbelt technical experience with software platforms software/algorithm design and development engineering software software/algorithm design and development strong presentation skills process improvement team player mechanical design/implementation visual basic inventor fusion 2013 project management training program implementation scheduling tools laboratory evaporators tube furnaces synopsys prime the mathworks matlab microsoft visual basic ms sql server 2008 arena flow layouts and time studies accomplishments statistical analysis performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department. testing evaluation and analysis tested equipment to ensure compliance. analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment. autocad software utilization produced drawings and maintained archived and retrieved cad files and drawing documents for the completion of four commercial projects. document control served as document control
__label__CHEF chef manager professional summary chef manager professional summary food production management k12 chef management experience national school lunch program oversight food safety champion culinary innovation proven team leader creative recipe presentations training development contract management- inventory and ordering management procurement analysis auditing management waste management skills food cost labor management strong catering abilities restaurant management skills team player excellent communication skills ms office proficient budgeting invoice competencies food allergy/medical condition trained quick books quicken newton pos cater trax knowledgeable menu software proficient waste management savvy- la ethics trained skills food spoilage prevention kitchen management menu planning recruiting and hiring cooking skills supply ordering budgeting food plating and presentation signature dish creation forecasting and planning baking and broiling skills recipes and menu planning sanitation guidelines workflow optimization food inventories performance assessments adaptability cultural awareness written communication work history chef manager 08/2020 to current placed food orders with suppliers on weekly basis taking into account kitchen budget and expected demands. hired trained and managed all kitchen staff including employee development issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance reviews. kept kitchen staff in compliance with safety and food regulations to reduce opportunities for illness or accidents. scheduled and received food and beverage deliveries adhering to food cost and
__label__ENGINEERING engineering team lead career engineering team lead career overview engineering team lead with years of experience working at every level and stage of the software development life-cycle. independently motivated to discover new techniques through self evaluation and improvement. qualified in coaching individuals and teams on agile and scrum principles. detail-oriented professional with extensive software development experience using a wide variety of languages. believes success is defined by highest value delivered in shortest amount of time. qualifications agile coach product owner team lead scrum master web application development ui design relational database design skills asp c# vb.net soap rest jquery bootstrap css html5 mssql mysql dts ssis ssrs iis 5 iis 6 agile scrum kanban objective c php perl accomplishments designed and prototyped payment processing system for new and legacy applications. worked closely with product owners and team to ensure project delivery was a success. served as agile project manager for multiple application build-outs. each resulting in long term contracts with clients and new sales. coached engineering teams on agile development methodologies in order to bring estimates within 5 of quoted amounts down from over 100 . successfully developed and implemented processes for improving customization delivery and service level agreements. work experience engineering team lead
__label__APPAREL business solution project manager business solution project manager skills plm ptc and enovia sql crystal reports google analytics jira hpqc qlikview cognos advanced microsoft access advanced excel sas power point sharepoint visio microstrategy aspen microsoft project jcl jobtrac tso ca7 tivoli maestro telnet ftp group1 unix exceed citrix/metaframe altiris experience business solution project manager 01/2011 to 01/2017 technical and process expert on all web-based marketing systems resolved complex business issues ad-hoc reporting and analysis for all departments such as design operations product managers sourcing warehouse and international markets consisting of over 700 employees. pivotal in the product creation lifecycle to ensure product was retailed to markets on time. implemented competitive advantages through quick and easy to use tools and training guides for product creation e-commerce site management product lifecycle management ptc flex plm digital merchandising asset management and range segmentation application. worked with off shore team to implement these changes. trained and supported digital merchandising tool to analyze completive purchases. distinguished user requests from the underlying true needs and provided options and recommendations on how best implement solutions to drive results. used google analytics and other homegrown applications to analyze user behavior. collaborated with the regional store replenishment managers to reduce ordering lead times
__label__CHEF chef assistant core qualifications chef assistant core qualifications ms word advance ms excel intermediate powerpoint intermediate mac os education and training may 2017 bachelor of science hospitality and tourism management uni versity of massachusetts hospitality and tourism management 3.99 4.0 dean s list all semesters work experience 09/2016 to current chef assistant ensure cleanliness of kitchen work stations and operate dish washing machinery. assist chef in preparation and plating of meals for lunch and dinner services of up to 75 guests. arrange the banquet area according to expected guest flow and type of event. welcome customers and monitor flow between front and back-of-the-house operations. manage team of 10-15 students and delegate preparation tasks to ensure a smooth lunch/dinner service cape cod b aseball league bourne ma. public relations intern bourne braves may- september 14 and 15 . managed social media presence on twitter instagram and facebook for the bourne braves - created player spotlights . administered primary source of team funding- overseeing donation collections and raffle programs. coordinated volunteers for ccbl all-star game to maximize merchandise sales and food and beverage output for approximately 10 000 attendees. 05/2016 to 01/2017 property operations intern inspect apartment homes on the market to assess whether standards are
__label__BANKING account executive profile innovative account executive profile innovative senior account executive with thirteen years of experience in managing and coordinating client relations seeking a position that will leverage my education and experience to build a successful business partnership. quick and flexible in response to changing market conditions and new technologies in relation to corporate goals and standards. i have a proven background in information technology and have spent hundreds of hours in training learning all aspects of the it environment and how it effects companies of all sizes. my ability to learn quickly and work well independently makes me a value to any that i would work with. expertise includes information technology distribution logistics sales public relations marketing/advertising and contract negotiations. core qualifications proficient in all microsoft office suite products lotus notes outlook sales certifications in apc symantec vmware hp microsoft ibm 1 page professional experience 01/2010 to current account executive initiated built and developed relationships with clients to be the primary source for hardware and software in a defined territory. responsible for sourcing bidding and delivery of all equipment and overseeing sourcing from channel distributors to ensure we meet the clients budget while at the same time maintaining profitability with our channel partners.
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary to teacher professional summary to be enthusiastic highly motivated and dedicated to instilling in children the passion to become life-long learners through obtaining the position of the enrichment specialist at perry hill school. skills microsoft office microsoft windows xp professional word excel powerpoint publisher internet browsers learning google chrome applications infinite campus work history august 2010 - current teacher executed lesson plans and evaluated the effectiveness through assessment and reflection created visual supports using technology to enhance and to differentiate instruction use the go math eureka engage ny ixl khan academy resources to provide math instruction lead inquiry-based student investigations for the foss science program using next generation standards work with the common core next generation standards to provide structured instruction provide smarter balanced nwea test preparation for mathematics science create instructional materials and strategies consistent with student learning and behavioral needs utilize the positive behavior support pbs program to provide positive reinforcement as a preventive measure for disruptive and/or inappropriate behavior collaborate with grade partners to provide consistent instruction and to develop and implement grade-level goals update a teacher infinite campus with homework grades and events to extend parental and student communication. august 2008 - june 2010 6th grade teacher
__label__FITNESS manager professional summary experienced manager professional summary experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences. experience may 2013 to current manager new member enrollment and new member services drive overall sales to exceed the gym goals perform merchandising tasks such as stocking re-merchandising and displaying new merchandise. coordinate the overall supervision and training of retail staff to ensure sales performance goals are met. hire train and develop club staff with goals for growth and success in their positions and within the company. performed all duties ranging from front desk and babysitting to class instruction whenever necessary. in charge of all digital media functions such as facebook instagram twitter. november 2012 to may 2013 manager overseeing the personal training department selling and conducting introductory certified personal training sessions ensuring trainers/team members are consistent in punctuality dress code compliance and customer service focus responsible for the successful attainment of targets including revenue and client retention january 2012 to november 2012 personal trainer teaching clients proper exercise form using the most current techniques available providing clients with the motivation needed to stay focused and feel great creating programs designed to ensure clients adhere
__label__TEACHER classroom teacher summary experienced classroom teacher summary experienced education professional with a background in instructional design seeking opportunities to develop materials activities and tools that support the teaching practice and improve educational outcomes for young learners. nearly 20 years experience working in both in- and out-of-classroom settings including working with diverse populations in title i and inclusive learning environments. track-record of effectively participating in collaborative interdisciplinary teams to develop and/or implement student programs teacher workshops and outreach events. adept in the use of a variety of technologies and applications for tracking and monitoring data maintaining records giving presentations and enhancing learning activities. experience classroom teacher january 2006 to current grades 2 4 5 provided differentiated learning opportunities via center activities and flex- group instruction. sought new and unique ways to integrate technology into instruction and learning experiences. developed and revised district curriculum in technology mathematics language arts and social studies. represented the school or grade-level on the school improvement multicultural technology and textbook review committees. collaboratively developed a school-wide scaffolded framework of learning expectations in a cross-grade-level team. nine week supervision of a student teacher in the spring of 2005. january 2000 to january 2006 classroom teacher january 1998 to january 2000 developed modified
__label__BANKING program manager financial manager program manager financial manager facilities manager summary 18 years of experience for operations manager housing and financial institutions as well as healthcare sector with experience of successfully coordinating the activities of various departments concerned with the production pricing sales and distribution of products services. comfortable working with people of all levels and having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and developing business processes. having proven people management skills with the ability to manage performance and motivate staff on an individual and team level. now looking for a new and challenging managerial or consultancy position one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development core competencies competition analysis - ability to analyze and compare firm s products with that of competitors. good communication and management skills - effective leader and motivator. self-assured and confident. objective statement desire to join a fast paced growing firm that offers a constructive workplace to develop brand strategies initiate strategic alliances promote new products and interact with new clients in order to develop sustained business for the organization. skills microsoft word excel and power point software microsoft word excel outlook adobe photoshop outlook and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary transitioning military consultant summary transitioning military professional eager to apply acquired skills to serve aflac and the healthcare industry. creates business partnerships and builds trust with managers and employees to create a positive work environment through networking. driven professional who effectively builds loyalty long-term relationships and promoting the s brand. experience 03/2016 to current consultant tracked key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists. screened 104 applicants based on their qualifications and background. developed and facilitated job recruitment sessions. tracked 28 candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications time-to-fill man-power and other variables. coordinated meetings developed meeting content and presented all information to potential candidates resulting in the acquisition of 11 contracts. 03/2016 to current first line supervisor completed and maintained accurate and organized records documents and reports for over 19 diving customers. supported the development of diving operations staff to meet competency and performance expectations. conducted weekly training activities with effective communication and leadership. provided coaching mentoring and consultation to staff to enhance staff development of 23 personnel. 04/2012 to 03/2016 field operations manager trained and promoted continued education for all 20 members. offered technical assistance to support operations and training. conducted routine quality audits to ensure that records and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary audit consultant professional summary audit director extensive experience in developing and redesigning internal audit departments domestically and internationally in 19 countries. results include upgraded internal controls effective sox 404 management strong compliance management and an increase in organizational focus on solid internal controls and risks and best practices. enjoy directing internal audit as a personal passion. strengths include extensive executive skills designer of audit programs sec compliance strong analytical skills focus on ethics management prioritize audits interact with auditees manage all types of audits pride in service core qualifications sap microsoft office suite ms word ms excel ms powerpoint and ms outlook navision and a variety of other corporate specific finance and accounting software involving ibm hp and dell operations experience consultant january 2009 provider of internal audit and internal control consulting services to customers across the u.s. and canada. focus on privately held firms that do not have internal audit departments. emphasize quality and creative service. director of internal audit january 2008 to january 2009 fourth largest producer of carbonated beverages in u.s. with sales of 600m. reported to board of directors and senior vice president. managed internal audit department and conducted financial compliance and operational audits. developed and monitored
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development professional summary extensive experience in ltac marketing in a hospital setting. ability to build strong rapport with physicians patient s families case managers and health care community. managed and lead team of clinical admissions and marketing liaisons and efficiently communicated patients needs to clinical staff. expert in planning and executing marketing strategies to build relationships in new territories and increased referral sources. track record of consistent growth in census of hospital through demonstrating strong professional relationships with referral sources and turn potential referrals into admissions. self driven and innovative with a strong desire to compete with other ltachs to increase hospital census. high recommendations by leading physicians based on performance and work ethics. highlights excellent interpersonal communication skills with the ability to keep professionalism. confident public speaker. highly motivated marketer. patient care oriented increasing and securing walk-in tours for patients families and catering to their needs. cultural awareness and sensitivity towards patients and physicians. trained by physicians and nurses to evaluate patients charts and make recommendations for ltac based on diagnoses. proven ability to manage marketing team and yielding results. strategically develops marketing plans. track record of financial management by efficiently using budgets to organize networking
__label__HEALTHCARE professional healthcare representative summary professional healthcare representative summary dynamic sales professional delivering documented success in driving product growth through strong sales skills and patient focus. detail oriented while utilizing communication skills that have a direct and personable approach. proficient in handling new product launches from inception to completion in both independent and collaborative work environments. background encompasses almost 15 years of experience in pharmaceutical sales selling to an array of specialties including general practitioners internal medicine family practice endocrinologist rheumatologist neurologist obstetrician/gynecologist geriatric medicine orthopedics pulmonologist gastroenterology urology and cardiology. further call points made to hospital accounts local to territory. additional professional experience includes nursing experience ranging from surgical assistance to care in the neonatal intensive care unit. accomplishments 2017 - people in culture lead for atlanta east 2017 - awarded championship culture award peer selection 2016 - people in culture lead for atlanta east 2015 capital s card winner 2014 capital s card winner 2011 summit winner - ranking 3/55 141.63 attainment 2011 contest winner - q1 kick it in gear contest nrx volume growth 2011 - finished 2nd in q2 iem ms-al surge contest lyrica trx growth 2011 contest winner - 2nd semester team contest celebrex trx growth 2011 - first in
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public information manager sr public information manager sr highlights microsoft office suite including word excel powerpoint and access knowledge of mac and pc. professional strong written and verbal skills project management skills detail oriented team player research skills. experience public information manager sr july 2006 to current responsible for media relations for the s department of watershed management dwm to proactively ensure timely and accurate coverage including developing press releases media alerts and traffic advisories provide talking points and briefings for dwm commissioner and deputy commissioners for media interviews monitor and track media coverage for accuracy analysis and identification of potential issues crisis communication resolution generate updates for the department s atlantawatershed.org website and dwm s social media pages to provide continuous information to impacted stakeholders. provide daily media updates to the mayor s office of communications to develop strategies to manage news coverage. develop and implement communications plans for dwm drinking water and wastewater construction and green infrastructure projects to include comprehensive public relations and outreach efforts to ensure effective citizen notification and involvement. past and present projects include peoplestown flooding response southeast atlanta green infrastructure initiative including communications outreach for the construction of award-winning five-million gallon stormwater storage vault at turner field
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional overview masters consultant professional overview masters of social work performed medical social work services for over 10 years in multiple environments providing patients and their families with comprehensive psychosocial assessment crisis counseling grief counseling end of life counseling assistance with advance directives code status community referrals and other related social service interventions participated in conflict negotiation managed care operations and ensuring appropriate and cost effective patient care received on the job training as a medical and home health social worker through kaiser permanente south san francisco ca and cook county hospital chicago il self motivated effective communicator able to work independently or on a team and able to perform well in a fast pace high pressured work atmosphere professional summary advised and consulted with missouri hospitals and patients utilizing interqual medicare medicaid/medical and social security guidelines to assist with reducing the hospital s loss of revenue by 80 as well as reducing patient s out of pocket cost by 75 grant writing experience receiving funding ranging from 35 000 to over 1 000 000 for services including pre-school and family preservation and reunification services organized and supervised the activities of over 10 volunteers responsible for mentoring 30 pregnant and parenting teens education
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT sr. business development director sr. business development director professional summary highly ambitious in business development with background in sales and marketing expertise in market analysis forecasting and client needs assessments. motivated in business sales with solid experience managing all levels of large-scale projects including budgeting and administration. experienced professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. skilled with experience in the aerospace industry. familiar with spare parts and re-manufacturing. dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and expectations. client-focused sales representative with 8+ years of providing solutions to customers. solid understanding of the systems and program areas . skills strong verbal communication data management process implementation powerful negotiator budgeting and finance team leadership self-motivated project management conflict resolution risk management processes and analysis work history sr. business development director 01/2014 to current manage and develop business relations with insurance marketplace clients sales. direct sales team with software sales nationally. consult clients to assess technology requirements and advise on software to address their needs. lead project management for complete life cycle of software build and customization. it program manager 01/2012 to 01/2014 successfully built the confidence and trust of major companies in xerox software and support through astute assessment of client needs and the development of strategies
__label__FINANCE finance officer summary profile finance officer summary profile an experience accountant and data base worker who has developed a strong accounting background working with data base and accounting packages for over four years. team oriented individual with good interpersonal skill and a demonstrated ability to accurately evaluate customer requirement and complete related tasks / project which satisfy or exceed customer requirement on time. . i have the ability to create conducive atmosphere with colleagues at work. keen presentable and goal getter effective team member trust worthy reliable and well organize team player. confident working alone and with senior authorities creative and enjoys using own initiatives. flexible and can adapt to work in wide range of tasks. i have the ability to work within tight schedules and outside official hours. highlights analytical reasoning compliance testing knowledge financial statement analysis account reconciliation expert financial planner effective time management accomplishments achieved 25 cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes. formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis budgeting and forecasting. experience april 2014 to january 2016 finance officer develop internal control policies guidelines and procedures for activities such as budget administration cash and credit management and accounting. coordinate and direct the financial planning budgeting procurement or investment activities
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS social media communications manager social media communications manager education master of business administration business 2014 university of maryland university college bachelor of science journalism mass communication public relations 2007 north carolina agricultural technical university summary dedicated creative and highly-motivated communications marketing professional with exceptional interpersonal skills and over seven years experience in the field. adapts well to different environments and has the ability to learn new systems quickly. areas of expertise include web and print content development and editing social media content development and monitoring brand management and project management among other skills. experience social media communications manager 07/2011 to current works with chief strategist as well as on-site managers to assess communications needs of non-profit organizations formulates communications plans and social media strategies tailored to client needs oversees the implementation of communications plans and social media strategies for local non-profit organizations attends local client events and works with on-site client managers as well as content development managers to do live social media posting from client agitate media and parent mam squared llc accounts evaluates campaign results community outreach involvement manager technical community manager 09/2012 to 01/2015 wrote and edited content for e-newsletters developed and edited marketing/promotional material and presentation content for special projects
__label__ADVOCATE gradation candidate advocate executive gradation candidate advocate executive summary high-energy manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. cultivates a culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns as well as contributing new ideas that drive growth. versatile child advocate professional with over 5 years experience working in a student-focused learning environment helping students improve their literacy. core qualifications operations management staff development inventory control supervision and training sound judgment computer-savvy professional experience gradation candidate advocate mar 2016 to current served as mentor to junior team members. routinely met with students parents regarding in-class issues and learning interruptions to discuss solutions. developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials. employed activities and techniques techniques to encourage student learning and build community within the classroom. interviewed clients individually and with families to determine what services would best address their needs. retrieved requested files and delivered to appropriate personnel. scout master jan 2012 to current tutor and supervise children ages 5-14. planning and orchestrating various trips and activities. mentoring / coaching. department supervisor jan 2011 to mar 2016 maintain outstanding customer service as per standards generating sales merchandising and safeguarding assets. ensure that each customer received
__label__BANKING employee relations consultant summary employee relations consultant summary human resources partner with areas of expertise in employee relations affirmative action recruitment diversity employee training and analytics. a student of wells fargo s leadership compentencies exhibits leadership behaviors that contribute to business success risk management and a sustained positive reputation as a premier financial institution and employer of choice. highlights interviewing expertise performance management strategies staffing and recruiting professional employment law knowledge employee relations manager coaching and training hris applications proficient employee handbook development accomplishments recipient isaacson scholarship for graduate work in education and rising star award b.s. in history - recipient young hispanic leadership scholarship led the staffing planning committee for number years.introduced the first passive open enrollment process.created a rewards and incentive program that was cited as the driving force behind branch employee retention rate of number .transitioned the sales program into full compliance. experience employee relations consultant june 2013 to current responsible for managing the employee relations functions for multiple business lines and business groups undergoing significant change. responsible for designing and executing proactive employee relations plans and programs in accordance with internal policy and labor-law requirements with an acute focus on risk management strategies. partner with all levels of business leadership
__label__ADVOCATE benefit advocate career overview benefit advocate career overview customer service representative who maintains a high level of professionalism patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty. core strengths strong organizational skills ms word ms excel ms powerpoint ms office publisher outlook loan servicing systems msp/fidelity seas and image viewer legal search engine lexis nexis westlaw crm selling system citrix online medical software encoder pro and medpolicy negotiation competency active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver courteous demeanor employee relations specialist high customer service standards customer service management expertise troubleshooting skills telecommunications knowledge work experience benefit advocate march 2015 to current - provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone email or internet in a professional courteous accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication. resolves customer inquiries and concerns with first call resolution assist with the members needs regarding benefits eligibility claims financial spending accounts and correspondence. answers customer s questions to help guide and educate them through selecting the best benefit plan options maximize the value of their health plan benefits by helping them understand and select quality care providers. intervene with care providers doctor s offices on behalf of the member
__label__TEACHER teacher assistant work history teacher assistant work history professional summary currently working towards my education/career goals of obtaining my ba in psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with elementary youth in a classroom setting. my goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more proficient educator/administrator. currently working towards my education/career goals of obtaining my ba in psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with elementary youth in a classroom setting. my goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more proficient educator/behavioural specialist currently working towards my education/career goals of obtaining my ba in psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with elementary youth in a classroom setting. my goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more proficient educator/behavioural specialist accomplishments improved reading lexile s in student which in turn helped student undergo reclassification. cpr aa mandated reporting incident reporting training certified. skills conducted peer council with youth assigned books based on reading level supported students with special needs engaged student with positive language instructed personalized lesson plans critiqued student project rather than correcting it addressed challenging student behavior developed strong problem-solving skills conducted peer council with youth to nature problem solving
__label__CONSTRUCTION shore senior construction piping shore senior construction piping engineer professional summary mechanical engineer with more than 7 years experience in construction field of epc oil gas industries onshore and offshore projects including structural process piping underground piping system flow lines transmission pipelines pressure vessels storage tanks and static/rotating equipment. core qualifications autocad solid works project and visio microsoft powerpoint microsoft excel microsoft word system facility and plant modifications material handling pump and piping systems asme talented technical writer time management skills key skills experience shore senior construction piping engineer november 2013 to current installation equipment slug catcher high-pressure scrubber knock out drum 16 metering gas skid and oily water treatment unit with tie-in new piping network. 16 x 30 km oil pipeline and16 x 18 km gas pipeline construction. fabrication no of 3 oil and firefighting tanks with 500 m3 capacities. oil gas and firefighting piping network around gosp. commissioning and start up for plant. off-shore activities platform-a construction of several carbon steel transmission 24 8 4 x 17 km sea pipe lines using marine barge pms-12. installation of 110 ton deck extension using marine barge pms-12. well head hook-up piping fabrication and erection for 4 wellheads using marine barge maridive-300. installation two deck
__label__AVIATION operation manager www.linkedin.com/in/raymondstrange special operation manager www.linkedin.com/in/raymondstrange special hiring auth veterans pref veoa skills secret security clearance project management budget analysis training / development schedule management critical thinking team building written and oral communication skills process improvement microsoft office suite expert summary accomplished operation management professional with 20+ years with a broad scope of experience driving process improvements financial administrative and staff productivity in military environments. cultivate strong relations through contract negotiation project management and policy/program development. oversee all aspects of operations including hr/financial/accounting and inventory control. selected accomplishments managed all financial activities for program operations for 1.8m in travel funds reduced regional expenditures by 8 annually. met management goals by screening over 1000 personnel records for the necessary skill sets and appropriation of talent acquisition and leader development. authored strategic integration and implementation procedures increasing production time by 20 . continues to received commendable ratings annually from cooperate and regional inspections. increased performance scores 60 by developing new employee processes. managed the daily operations of 18 aviation maintenance courses and supervised the training for over 650 military and foreign national students. developed and implemented cross training instructor certification program that increased productions by 25 . incorporated the first ever advance composite aircraft process
__label__FINANCE finance analyst summary obtain finance analyst summary obtain a job as an executive in your to provide financial expertise 9 years of bpo finance expertise strong critical thinking skills computer skills and to contribute to the success of the business highlights strengths achievement oriented with excellent communication people management skills team worker. ability to manage change with ease adaptability to flexible working hours. excellent negotiation and analysis skills quick learner with high energy level willing to work hard. eager to take responsibilities and challenges. operating system windows financial accounting packages tally accounting package 6.3 7.2 a-grade experience january 2009 to may 2016 finance analyst connecting with onshore business for review of auc balance and updating the status of the wbse s scheduling monthly with call with onshore business and finance / business leads to update the status of the over expenditure leading team with regular catch up meeting and allocating the wbs creation request equally and conducting monthly connect metrics discussion playing a key role as a spoc for my team in case of any adhoc request and statutory reporting. objective of the process creation of afe authority for expenditure maintaining wip balance performing statutory report a202 us tax capex spent report flux report
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary preparing finance manager summary preparing annual budgets monitoring key accounts and credit control. having the ability to handle complex assignments effectively possessing the confidence to work as part of a team or independently. abdul majeed is presently looking for a suitable opportunity position with a forward thinking where he can excel deliver achieve his potential. mba -finance with 20 years experience in the field of accounts finance. expertise in spearheading corporate and financial planning initiatives in commercial operation accounts finance auditing taxation mis exports management and export document negotiation. expertise in designing and implementing systems to achieve financial discipline and improve the overall efficiency of the organization. strong analytical skills good relationship management negotiation skills in liaising with banks other financial institutions and various regulatory authorities. well versed with sap oracle business suite 11i and tally. experience finance manager february 2001 to september 2014 determining financial objectives. designing implementing systems policies procedures to facilitate internal financial control. preparing annual budget and forecasting trends. developing reports for top management summarizing the business financial position in areas of income expenses capital usage and cash flows and coordinate the preparation of strategic plans budgets and financial forecast. developing and updating accounting finance and management
__label__ARTS professional summary detail-oriented enthusiastic professional summary detail-oriented enthusiastic educator with over 12 years experience in higher education skilled in designing curriculum for various faculty members with an aim of integrating technology in meaningful ways. seeking a position as an instructional design professional where i can organize plan and implement effective educational practices. exceptional ability to manage multiple projects in a deadline-driven dynamic environment enthusiastic about new ideas and experiences. experience special instructor of composition administration june 2008 to current design first-year composition curriculum which assists at least 25 faculty instructors of composition each semester. using the learning management system canvas created a common college composition course shell template. this involved collaboration with it in order to design and deliver the most effective course. this is available to any user of canvas for immediate use. currently it is being used by 25 faculty members. modified all documents within the common college composition curriculum to be accessible and meet ada regulations. train supervise and mentor new instructors of college composition providing them with curriculum which they are to deliver. implement professional development opportunities and workshops many of which focus upon effective use of technology within the classroom including using various learning management systems in helpful ways.
__label__CONSTRUCTION lead construction manager / lead construction manager / regional quality manager summary proactive project manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. successful in creating effective communication between personnel general contractors and the management team. highlights ms office proficient organized and detail-oriented superb management skills project budgeting building codes and regulations permit processing safe job site set-up blueprint fluency power and hand tool operation residential construction specialist cost control baseline schedules creation experience 11/2010 to 03/2016 lead construction manager / regional quality manager software/databases ms office ms word ms excel ms powerpoint ms outlook microsoft project anritsu software adobe pro siterra remedy visio quick base documentum operating systems ms windows / mac osx methodologies operations management homeowners/property management project management business analysis inventory management processes accountable for managing the daily field construction activities for the at t turf - lte project in new jersey /staten island and san diego markets completed 1000+ lte and nsb site builds ensuring scope of work compliance safety quality schedule implementation and customer satisfaction committed to both nsb and lte sites on the team and regarded by the team as one of most experienced construction managers. continually provided guidance and training to multiple general contractors and
__label__HR hr safety manager summary hr safety manager summary human resources manager certified professional in human resources phr extensive background in human resources management including experience in workforce planning and employment human resource development compensation and benefits risk management employee and labor relations hr technology global and international hr talent management. demonstrated success in negotiating win-win situations strategic business management talent management and change management. hr skills hr strategic planning training development performance management organizational development mediation advocacy staff recruitment retention employee relations alternative dispute resolution adr benefits administration project management orientation on-boarding hr policies procedures employment law fmla/ada/eeo/wc hris technologies experience hr safety manager january 2013 to january 2014 rapidly growing transportation distribution and warehousing serving the hr and safety needs of the organizations various operations while leading the change management and cultural transformation efforts to support continued growth and expansion. key results consolidated two small group medical plans with different plan years into a large group plan to maintain the same quality of health plan while saving the organization 75 on the year-over-year premium increase. improved the benefit offerings by adding never before offered dental insurance voluntary term-life insurance a vision discount program employee assistance program eap while expanding the available short-term disability
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist summary information technology specialist summary security+ certified lan/wan t1 frame relay tcp/ip iava routers/firewalls/switches/wi-fi/vpn network and information systems defense level 1 and 2 technical support cable systems installer/maintainer imaging/base lining current ts-sci clearance los line of sight radio cpof/voip videoconferencing technologies network and server administration government security disaster recovery/backups accomplishments information technology deployed and managed cpn los spawar afn lan/wan architectures and active directory domains for over 50 sipr/nipr is and voip subscribers in hostile combat operations windows 7 integration of over 520 systems throughout the stuttgart garrison command disaster recovery/backup systems prevented loss of critical data technical support/service 3 years experience in high visibility support roles centered on microsoft technologies and information security strong understanding of workflow / business process support roles in organizations multiple awards for proven performance management squad leader / shift leader strong leadership skills / excellent interpersonal skills presentations / training / documentation standard operating procedures development experience information technology specialist information systems specialist 07/2011 to 12/2012 level 1 and 2 technical support during strategic operations in stuttgart germany for classified and unclassified systems. trained proficiently in information assurance security. implemented and sustained satellite and radio communications for all computer based information systems and voip. maintained
__label__ADVOCATE consumer advocate summary to consumer advocate summary to obtain a position that would utilize my strong customer service communication and leadership skills and offer opportunity for continued professional growth and development. skills results-oriented client-focused quick learner computer proficient file/records maintenance training and development file/records maintenance microsoft office experience 09/2016 to current consumer advocate assist consumers in signing up for health coverage through multiple health insurance companies. assist consumers with accessing their accounts and answering questions regarding their enrollments. assist consumers with changes to their account and assist in resolving any payment issues with their account. 06/2016 to 09/2016 customer service representative answer phones greet clients. assisted clients with writing new auto home and marine policies. processed policy changes and renewals as well as remarketing policies to acquire rate reductions clients. sold auto home marine and renters policies as well as upselling and cross-selling additional product lines. provided agents with mvr s correspondences filing and processing personal policies. provided additional clerical duties as assigned. 09/2014 to 06/2016 customer service representative answer phones greet clients. assisted clients with writing new auto home and marine policies. processed policy changes and renewals as well as remarketing policies to acquire rate reductions clients. sold auto home marine and renters
__label__ARTS sale consultant summary i sale consultant summary i m driven to develop and implement fresh sales and marketing strategies with financial and operational discipline. competitive sales rep with 2 years in sales with vast industry knowledge. independent worker with high energy and great communication skills. i have a a lot to thank to my last employer boost mobile of mobile factory for helping me advance in my sales skills and knowledge of different technology such as phones and computers. friendly sales associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. excellent multi-tasker and team player.reliable sales associate with strengths in inventory management training and customer service. friendly knowledgeable and hard-working team player. customer service and sales expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems. highlights inventory management sales expertise accurate money handling team player mentality outgoing personality documentation familiarity verbal/written communication active listening cash handling accuracy detail-oriented cheerful and energetic flexible scheduling superior organization skills superior communication skills staff training and development fluent in spanish dependable and reliable excellent multi-tasker inventory management sales expertise accurate money handling team player mentality outgoing personality documentation familiarity verbal/written communication active listening cash handling accuracy detail-oriented cheerful and energetic flexible
__label__HR hr generalist professional profile hr generalist professional profile responsible administrative support professional with extensive experience in project management and finance environments. organized and detail-oriented with strengths in project management and inventory control. certified professional in human resources phr with additional certification from us armed forces offering a 9 year hr career distinguished by commended performance and proven results. extensive background in hr generalist affairs including experience in employee recruitment and retention staff development mediation conflict resolution benefits and compensation hr records management hr policies development and legal compliance. demonstrated success in negotiating win win compromises developing teambuilding programs and writing personnel manuals corporate policies job descriptions and management reports. qualifications staff recruitment retention employee relations alternative dispute resolution adr benefits administration hr program/project management orientation onboarding hris technologies training development performance management organizational development hris applications ultipro peoplesoft enterprise human resources adp ms office word excel powerpoint access outlook relevant experience improved department efficiency 80 through implementation of strategic workflow and process improvements. managed major office relocation with only one day of downtime. improved department efficiency 80 through implementation of strategic workflow and process improvements. experience hr generalist 12/2004 to 01/2012 provides voice and data communications systems for small and midsized companies. 2004 present
__label__SALES sales representative sales management sales representative sales management summary i am submitting this resume to you because i am interested in the job opening that you have on the business side of at t. my is james sauders and i have worked in retail sales in some form since i was 14 years old and the last six and a half of those years have been spent working for at t in retail. i m a hard working loyal and energetic manager and top-rated sales associate with more than 8 years of leading dynamic sales teams in fast-paced markets. i m always early and if doing the job correctly means traveling to meet individual customers based on their time constraints then working late is what i ll do. i don t quit until the job is done and i know customer service will be my number one priority along with hitting my goals. i know that i would be an excellent fit for this position and a reliable source of success for your team. thank you for taking the time to review my information. highlights i have had multiple sales representatives promoted directly from my sales team based on my ability to translate my
__label__AVIATION senior lead technologist editor senior lead technologist editor professional profile over 25 years of experience providing technical support and project management in the system safety and environment safety and health disciplines. experience includes mil-std-882 system safety programs system safety reports and analyses programmatic environment safety and occupational health esoh evaluation peshe policy analysis and development environmental planning regulatory compliance evaluations dod systems acquisition program oversight and support pollution prevention p2 programs and technology transfer. i have extensive experience working with dod components and am retired from service with the u.s. navy. certified as a navy principal for safety and currently hold a top secret clearance. qualifications vast technical knowledge project management background in engineering focus strong presentation skills complex problem solver advanced critical thinking experience senior lead technologist editor january 2000 to current defined application problems by consulting with clients to evaluate procedures and processes. developed a new customer base consisting of number accounts. managed budget forecasting goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. directly managed multi-million co-operative budgets supporting global gtm strategy. identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage. delivered performance updates quarterly business reviews and planning meetings. targeted new long-term business partner prospects and closed number
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician/ field service engineering technician/ field service professional summary results-driven and focused engineering technician who prioritizes safety cost-effective solutions and exceeding customer expectations. with my background in both field service and as an engineering technician. i was able to effectively reduce test and production time through gaining a true understanding for the process without sacrificing quality. long term goals become an intuitive i/e technician in the pulp and paper industry teach others with the potential to take on a leadership role within my first 5 years skills operational analysis exceptional time management geometric dimensioning strong leader manufacturing process controls detail-oriented analog and digital circuitry detail drawings comfortable working at heights and odd locations technical plan execution aptitude detail-oriented understanding that any downtime must be minimized if not avoidable understand overtime and on-call basis may be required rigging soldering drilling- tapping measurement and layout test and measurement equipment equipment calibration tenacity willingness to go to whatever length it takes to solve a problem or improve a process work history engineering technician/ field service may 1994 - may 2000 developed and built complex rf systems for broadcasters worldwide. tested at the component level and built the systems worked closely with the staff engineers and engineering
__label__BANKING sr. mortgage banking executive sr. mortgage banking executive executive profile highly qualified and accomplished financial professional offering 10 years of experience in leadership and direction in the financial services and financial products industries. robust background with loan funding servicing asset management and loss mitigation strategies. excel in professional staff training development mentoring and production. goal-focused mortgage executive with commitment to bottomline success through effective sales development brand awareness and client satisfaction. professional experience sr. mortgage banking executive jan 2013 to current identified prospects and solicited business referrals by contacting realtors attorneys and financial professionals in an assigned territory. drove expansion from 12-member mortgage brokerage with one office to three and established new branch in las vegas nv. led teams to excel in highstakes environment while encouraging professional development and independent decision making. obtained and maintained information about available loan products processing procedures underwriting guidelines and general departmental directives. assisted with collection of loanapplication related documents and delivery of loan package on a timely basis. promoted from sr. loan officer to executive team leader within six months of employment. awarded most revenue per loan award averaging over 6 00.00 in net revenue per funded loan. awarded highest average loan amount for 201 averaged 10 fundings
__label__HEALTHCARE pa media group summary pa media group summary be in a position involving and utilizing my marketing and management skills and knowledge gained throughout my education and on the job experience. highlights deep understanding of google analytics analyzing website traffic and trends to help make business decisions experienced in the tracking and optimize advertising campaigns heavy experience in digital marketing search target ads email social display mobile sold and managed numerous multi platform digital marketing plans reading and interpreting digital reports extensive print experience effective when leading a team organized take direction well open minded customer service experience sufficient in computer based skills work well under pressure event planning experience reference available upon request experience pa media group 04/2015 to current i am responsible for maintaining and growing the real estate category. i help my clients understand and utilize pa media group s digital marketing platforms to secure leads and boost brand awareness. this involves have a deep understanding of audience targeting sem seo. smo email pinterest video rich media content marketing realtor builder and apartment specific advertising and print advertising. i collaborate with my clients to come up with the best strategies to fit their needs. i have monthly reporting calls with these
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant career overview it consultant career overview network administration veteran with extensive experience building improving supporting and architecting asp-type infrastructures. qualifications windows server 2000-2012 active directory windows desktop o.s. 7 - 10 exchange server 2010-2013/vmware vsphere esxi amazon web services ec2 s3 cloudfront glacier rds mysql ms sql linux centos 6 apple ios sonicwall office365 software ms office rdp putty successware21 accomplishments certifications . work experience 01/2001 to 01/2015 it consultant implemented and managed it infrastructure designed and managed windows active directory network windows nt 4.0 windows 2000 - 2012 servers managed ms exchange ms sql successware21 symantec backup exec kaspersky virus protection servers and sonic firewalls managed and supported tadiran pbx aeonix contact center and csi vo call accounting servers developed and implemented secure remote access solution for sales consultants and field service technicians provided hardware and application support for in-house and field service personnel installed and troubleshoot applications and services on windows and ios devices network design and installation windows networking active directory hardware/software installation and configuration remote access solutions including secure wireless technologies email database development services performance monitoring and tuning server sizing and capacity planning disaster recovery and business contingency planning vendor liaison and product selection 24x7 network application
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY objective to obtain a objective to obtain a position in the information technology personnel development or computer science field to help manage develop and support projects and individuals. adjunct information technology instructor experience adjunct information technology instructor 01/2014 to current taught courses concerning the python visual basic and c# programming languages. sat on cit advisory board committee to improve and recruit students to the kctcs cit program. information technology instructor and school technology coordinator 11/2011 to current responsible for meeting the educational needs of high school students.instructed classes concerning a+ certification cisco certification web design programming game design and help desk. taught programming courses concerning c# python java and javascript programming language as well as taught various web frameworks. stc support staff for cte unit to meet staff s technological needs including lms support teacher technology training and maintaining school website. developed mobile applications with student body to meet district needs. supervisor of internally ran help desk support ticket maintenance and department head of technology troubleshooting for staff. geek squad agent 04/2007 to 09/2010 set up tested and configured networks desktops laptops and printers. coordinated hardware and software repair processes with outside vendors. trained new employees in effective diagnostic and repair procedures. analyzed software
__label__APPAREL adjunct instructor volunteer career adjunct instructor volunteer career adviser professional summary administrative professional with extensive experience in academia sales customer service in a number of venues. highly competent in persuasive customer communication as particularly evidenced in the six years of serving as an on-line sales consultant and business owner. desires a position in customer service where compelling communication plays a strong role. core qualifications results-oriented excel in all areas of customer service client-focused microsoft office reports generation and analysis contract negotiation/review/drafting quick learner training and development experience adjunct instructor volunteer career adviser oct 2013 to current teach courses on american and international politics. work with career staff to assist undecided and graduating seniors. consultant is being dissolved due to declining economy jan 2009 to current began consultancy as a professional and academic writer specializing in grant writing projects. currently completing coursework in the extension program at the university california at irvine program for certification as an independent educational consultant. organizational culture advisor customer service agent project work jul 2014 to oct 2014 performed all duties related to the sales and promotion of architectural products. worked with vice-president on conceptualizing new ways in workforce training. apparel associate -seasonal position jan 2014 to jan 2014 maintained
__label__AVIATION senior aerospace quality engineer senior aerospace quality engineer profile six sigma black belt total quality management spc qfd mistake-proofing root cause corrective action value stream mapping gage capability pfmea apqp dfmea poka-yoke cpk dmadv qfd sipoc copis and capa. results-driven mechanical engineer with solid product engineering and qa experience. team-oriented senior quality engineer with over five years experience developing and testing commercial and military turbines. skills training program implementation the mathworks matlab quality control energy management systems engineering software strong presentation skills process improvement operations research reliability testing geometric dimensioning lean manufacturing physics material properties leadership team player failure analysis product engineering accomplishments product improvement liaised with mrb to modify and improve overall product performance. eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments. statistical analysis performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department. project management supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to standards on time and within budget constraints. document control served as document control specialist to design micro precision apertures sheet metal enclosures membrane switches and cabling while following proper standards. professional experience senior aerospace quality engineer february 2009 to september 2014 handled the authorization of all internal blueprint and utc revision
__label__CHEF general manager / executive general manager / executive chef summary dedicated leader with over 15-year track record as an organized administrative professional with hands-on experience supporting business areas such as accounting database management and human resources. collaborative team player with strong communication decision-making and time management abilities. highlights report writing computer proficiency service-minded human resource knowledge ability to prioritize motivational leadership style inventory control professional demeanor self-directed time management ability accomplishments scheduling facilitated onboarding of new employees by scheduling training answering questions and processing paperwork. process improvement oversaw implementation of new phone system which resulted in more cost-effective service. research investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. payroll assistance assisted with payroll preparation and entered data into cumulative payroll document. experience june 2014 to october 2015 general manager / executive chef coordinated all department functions for restaurant staff. updated employee paperwork and time records. liaised directly with customers to meet needs and maintain satisfaction. maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS client service specialist professional client service specialist professional summary results oriented business professional with a successful track record in the areas of strategic planning implementation and operation of programs within set time frames volunteer management proven ability to see the big picture and quickly isolate areas for improvement. strong analytical and problem solving ability combined with a solid understanding of team work. ability to communicate well with individuals at all levels of the organization. core competencies personable professional with quick learning skills ability to effectively work independently and with a team excellent communication skills- written oral highly organized and dedicated person with positive attitude. highly motivated self-starter who takes initiative with minimal supervision flexible team player with the ability to effectively prioritize and juggle multiple concurrent projects while still making deadlines strong logical analytical thinker with demonstrated talent for problem solving thrive on challenging tasks in office environment. confident hard-working individual who is quick to assimilate new concepts and meet challenges professional experience client service specialist sep 2012 to current responsible for the analysis troubleshooting and resolution of second-level service desk incidents plan and manage program implementation for new clients facilitate on-line registration for members and ensure all eligible members have access to website.
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction residential cleaning professional construction residential cleaning professional summary detail-oriented professional with strong technical skills and the ability to learn concepts quickly. core qualifications detail oriented planning/coordinating team leadership courteous demeanor active listening skills inventory control familiarity engaging personality excellent multi-tasker fluent in spanish decision making skills self-directed shipping and receiving safety-oriented production scheduling opening/closing procedures dependable and reliable reliable team worker neat clean and professional appearance comfortable standing for long time periods interior and exterior cleaning restroom detailing chemical cleaning hardworking customer-service focused strong communication skills manufacturing background determined experience january 2013 construction residential cleaning cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.continually cleaned work areas and equipment.polished furniture and metal fixtures.dusted and mopped all hard surfaces.cleaned venetian blinds including washing and vacuuming them.scraped gum off of hard surfaces and carpet.dusted furniture walls machines and equipment.traveled to and from work sites in a timely manner.moved and carried equipment and furniture.cleaned and maintained bathrooms and showers and swept and mopped floors.safely operated equipment such as vacuum cleaners floor buffers and carpet machines. may 2008 to october 2012 store manager delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints. stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. reorganized the
__label__ACCOUNTANT payroll accountant summary sixteen payroll accountant summary sixteen years experience reconciling the general ledger system four years experience in accounts payable and eleven years experience in accounts receivable. good organizational skills and detailed oriented. highlights fas asset accounting quickbooks anytime scheduler kronos munis mas90 jd edwards excel word outlook internet explorer frx netscape messenger experience payroll accountant 07/2006 to current answered employee questions regarding pay and resolved any issues and discrepancies advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes.. processed and submitted teacher retirement reports and payments updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed ran the monthly and bi-weekly payroll process. reviewed salary changes stemming from merit increases promotions and pay adjustments. accountant 04/2002 to 06/2006 verified details of transactions including funds received and total account balances. coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments. deposited third party checks as well as monthly reserve transfers. balanced batch summary reports for verification and approval. researched and resolved billing and invoice problems. maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency. provided support for owner and sales team in managing operation work flow. handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation. researched and resolved collections and
__label__FITNESS personal trainer summary accomplished personal trainer summary accomplished assistant store manager with 10 years of managerial experience in a retail setting. areas of expertise include sales recruiting and people management. retail sales professional versed in product placement and merchandising. extensive experience in inventory management and shipment processing. retail professional with extensive knowledge of the supplement industry including current trends. enjoys helping customers find the new and exciting products. experience personal trainer jun 2010 to current wbff pro sponsored athlete healthy lifestyle nutrition and fitness guest expert on weoa 98.5 evansville radio with 15 000+ listeners work with personal healthy lifestyle and training clients to determine overall health nutrition and fitness goals then tailor workout and nutrition programs to help clients meet goals develop personal brand and do client outreach using social media and online tools such as instagram facebook google+ etc. coordinated lead pre-sales and opening with a total of 1 000+ members signed on or before opening day consistently provided excellent customer service and assisted in account management for 15 000+ members recruited hired and trained a staff of 20 full-time and part-time employees to provide excellent customer service to 15 000+ members maintained the overall operations of the facility including maintenance cleaning
__label__CHEF chef summary customer-oriented fast chef summary customer-oriented fast food worker with deep experience with pos systems food preparation and safety regulations. i am highly efficient at preparing food orders quickly while greeting all customers and managing the cash register accurately.adaptable warehouse picker with extensive experience in material handling inspections and shipping and receiving. focused on continual process improvement and cost reduction. i am also familiar with all aspects of logistics shipping and receiving and general warehouse operations. highlights fast learner friendly communication skills computer skills customer service skills leadership skills organizational skills research and planning skills interpersonal skills safety-oriented neat clean and professional appearance comfortable standing for long time periods shipping and receiving skills reliable and punctual accomplishments obtaining raises at previous jobs and working in different departments within the company. obtained my high school diploma. attending and completing various college courses. experience chef december 2015 to current - served fresh hot food with a smile in a timely manner. resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally. served orders to customers at windows counters and tables. cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers. packaged menu items into bags or trays and placed drink orders into carriers. operated large-volume cooking
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary hard-working entry-level consultant summary hard-working entry-level office assistant looking to apply my education and experience to a job in administration. customer service-oriented administrative assistant skilled in greeting patients scheduling appointments and preparing patient charts. highlights microsoft word excel powerpoint detail oriented planning/coordinating team leadership professional demeanor customer service customer satisfaction critical thinker excellent research skills accomplishments experience january 2010 to current consultant promote products. plan and execute home parties. educate customers about product with demonstration. recruit other consultants. help customers with individual orders. conduct online parties. maintain personal tupperware website. leadership and business accounting skills. consulted june 2008 to january 2015 caregiver assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake. planned prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets. provided transportation assistance and companionship to clients. cleaned and organized patients living quarters. performed household tasks such as laundry dusting washing dishes and vacuuming. positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems. assisted with transferring residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment. provided personal nursing care in pre- and post-operative situations. tended to patients with chronic illnesses. assisted with adls. sensitive to the needs of geriatric patients. comforted patients and provided them with reassurance and encouragement. october 2010
__label__FITNESS digital marketing lead summary digital marketing lead summary digital marketing professional with experience in sales marketing and management. knowledgeable about e-commerce social media and creative digital design. highlights digital advertising advertising customer service-oriented excellent written and verbal communicator ms office proficient effective team player dependable and reliable calm under pressure experience digital marketing lead 12/2014 to current maintain the digital marketing board for the spa and fitness center. create edit and update flyers for the digital board regarding current and upcoming events at the club. upload class schedules class descriptions and corresponding videos to the digital board on a daily basis. spa and fitness concierge 10/2014 to current demonstrated excellent customer service to all of the member and their guests. compete with co-workers for monthly performance based sales bonuses and incentives. recommend specific services to members depending on what he or she is looking for. provide adequate knowledge of the services that we provide along with the products that we sell. spa and fitness concierge 06/2014 to 10/2014 demonstrated excellent customer service to all of the member and their guests. schedule appointments for massages facials personal trainers manicures pedicures etc. recommend specific services to members depending on what he or she is looking for.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive summary business development executive summary accomplished sales professional with 20 years of business development and account management experience in both the private and public sector healthcare education and government. adept at managing intense demands of multiple existing customer accounts and cultivates strong customer relationships. highlights negotiation financial analysis detail oriented strategic account development relationship selling teamwork accomplishments selected to the staples nac green team. successfully grew account base to 14 new customers. generated 3.5 million in new business acquisition. recipient of bde all star award. closed 700 000 in furniture for customer s new corporate headquarters. experience 08/2012 to current business development executive experience in delivering profitable multi-year national and corporate contracts to companies with 400+ employees. responsible for business-building and relationship-building expectations through long selling cycles with unique accounts. lead entire sales process price negotiation final contract terms and implementation from inception to close of sale. create and conduct unique marketing proposal presentations and rfp responses for all staples industry business solution categories supplies facilities technology promotional print and furniture. generate new sales opportunities through direct and telephone selling and emails. leverage lead generation tools to increase profitability and product presence in the marketplace. developed new customer base consisting of
__label__HEALTHCARE enumerator summary recent graduate enumerator summary recent graduate with ba in business administration looking to obtain a position as an administrative assistant in which my organizational abilities can be fully utilized. hard working and goal-oriented professional with four years of experience seeking a to achieve career growth where i will get an opportunity to utilize my skills and abilities in handling the clerical and administrative support work and activities. highlights time management sap and srm cash request / cash handling check request purchase orders microsoft office word excel powerpoint outlook. data entry filing and maintaining records account receivable and payment posting timekeeping calendar maintains accomplishments received a merit raise for strong attention to detail exemplary customer service and team-player attitude. experience 04/2016 to current enumerator - collect demographic economic and housing data on behalf of the u.s. census bureau. responsible for canvassing neighborhoods then documenting and reporting the information. conducts surveys about the u.s. population economy governments and communities. responsible for verifying household addresses and ensuring that all maps and address lists are correct. all collected census information as well as documentation of hours miles and expenses encountered assist residents by reading forms and answering questions about the census. 10/2015 to 03/2016 healthcare advocate
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary outgoing finance manager summary outgoing sales manager offering superb customer service proficiency and passion for exceeding sales goals. results-oriented professional specializing in the sale of automobiles while providing the necessary financing packages to potential customers. strong customer skills and the ability to handle task with accuracy and efficiency with a unique ability to relate to diverse clients and close high-dollar sales. knowledgeable and innovative finance sales and marketing professional whose success is based on integrity exceptional customer service efficiency and ambition. results-focused management professional offering 20 years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success. highlights supervision and training excellent communication skills skilled negotiator established track record of exceptional sales cross-functional team management results sound judgment energetic calm under pressure resolution-oriented effective retail sales manager highlights personal information insurance license for the of louisiana. skills automobile financing. negotiating goal se ing customer service creative problem solving salestrainer selling closing developing and implementing processes skills automobiles charts credit customer satisfaction customer service finance financing financial focus graphs negotiations profit sales sales and management seminars strategic time management employee training additional information recently acquired life accident and
__label__ARTS school library media specialist school library media specialist professional summary my goal is to bring my unique set of skills and experiences from my professional background to the position of college and career coordinator at broken arrow public schools which will allow me to provide an irreplaceable viewpoint and ensure every student receives the highest quality instruction each day. remarkably skilled in developing quality activities and presentations to promote career awareness coursework designed for effective education to a culturally diverse audience. highly qualified and experienced in developing strategic plans to enable school districts to build community relationships. wide range of networking contacts and established relationships with local businesses and local and national organizations for student intern experiences. strong interpersonal and communication skills as well as the ability to work effectively with a variety of stakeholders. superior research and development skills as well as organizational project management problem solving and multi-tasking skills. exceptional experience and a proven record of success in writing grants and raising funds for a school from government and non-government sources. excellent knowledge of current trends in social media web content digital communication platforms and other job related technologies. experience august 2008 to current school library media specialist chaired the oklahoma sequoyah
__label__FITNESS general manager summary high-energy general manager summary high-energy manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. cultivates a culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns as well as contributing new ideas that drive growth. d riven to cut costs and boost revenue through innovative management techniques. organized and diligent with excellent written oral and interpersonal communication skills. highlights microsoft suite experience general manager may 2017 to current develop a comprehensive standard facility operations manual including written policies and procedures for all facility services. develop a monthly and yearly management report outlining key facility statistics and a summary of daily operations. also report any current or future concerns to the client. submit all paperwork and financial reporting including payroll. maintain a monthly inventory of supplies equipment and or products. write articles or press releases for the facility. recruit the key personnel for spa food and beverage fitness sales maintenance aquatics and operations where applicable. ensures the staff is fully knowledgeable on the use and benefits of services products programs and activities by conducting regularly scheduled staff meetings and training workshops. conduct on-going training/educational programs for department. holds team meetings on a regular schedule. assess all employees progress continually coach employees with
__label__ADVOCATE community advocate summary compassionat community advocate summary compassionat e social services professional and active listener dedicated to working tirelessly with clients to help them resolve mental health issues and thrive on their own terms.eager to learn highlights 30 hour domestic violence training customer services training proficient in microsoft office excel/word/powerpoint/publisher/outlook type 50 wpm leadership training mental health facilitator skilled dv facilitator skilled advocate violence prevention attentive listener sensitive empathetic detail-oriented excellent interpersonal skills accomplishments developed a 10 member supported partnership that helped victims of domestic violence get housed gain skills employment and ongoing support that resulted in sustainability. experience community advocate february 2015 to february 2016 developed and maintained resources for walk-in clients with emergent needs. participated in additional training requirements in an effort to stay abreast for the ever changing rules and regulations associated with the various governmental programs interviewed clients about pressing issues including safety needs food clothing housing finances employment and physical and mental health to determine nature of client need helped identify inner capacities connecting to external resources and resource systems advocated and educated clients on housing and how to work through barriers that prevent housing. facilitated and co-facilitate community support groups utilizing psycho education module compiled records collects data
__label__APPAREL embroidery machine operator summary embroidery machine operator summary to find employment with a good reputable with a chance to advance to the best of my abilities and job skills. skills customer service cashier pharmacy sales associate embroidery machine operator sewing machine operator telephone/ fax mahcines filing/ office skills skills customer service at jc penney goodies medisav pharmacy wal-mart pharmacy and the pharmacy of pocola. sales assiocate at jc penney goodies medisav pharmacy wal-mart pharmacy and the pharmacy of pocola. office skills telephone fax machine filing copier customer service. advanced problem-solving great people skills and great organizational skills. experience 01/2014 to current embroidery machine operator embroider shirts jackets hats and others items as needed. meet incoming customers and provide immediate assistance. completed purchases with cash credit and debit payment methods. answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable repsonses. provided expert product and service information. 2001 to 1-28-2014 i was a stay at home mom. 09/1999 to 02/2001 office administrator/pharmacy technician in training/ sales associate completed purchases with cash credit and debit payment methods. office worker - in charge of all office duties including computer skills telephone skills faxing medical billing customer account billing filing insurance claims and customer care. pharmacy tech trainee- helped fill
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS communications consultant summary client-focused communications consultant summary client-focused communications professional with 10 years of internal communications marketing and public relations experience. committed to producing results that deliver a unique blend of creativeness strategy and influence to advance goals. technical skills healthcare industry experience supporting health plans hospitals and medical groups. experience in internal external and executive communication. proven track record in communicating complex clinical issues and industry trends. demonstrated experience in successfully developing and managing communication programs that connect physicians to new healthcare solutions. experience communications consultant 08/2017 to current provides complex communications consultation with an emphasis on writing care delivery related content for broad internal external and leadership audiences. supports senior executives in high-profile speaking engagements including kaiser permanente s tedx talks 10 000 livestream participants institute for healthcare improvement national forum 5 500 attendees and kaiser permanente s national quality conference 1 000+ attendees . executed successful clinical product introductions by coordinating actions with social media public relations and other internal teams. authored materials designed to articulate kaiser permanente s technological advancements in electronic health record systems and clinical libraries that help to inform clinical decision making. built a communications function for the organization s research and development division to internally and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary in-depth knowledge consultant summary in-depth knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems. skilled in database administrator network administration web developer. providing customer and end-user help desk support. easily identify and resolve technical issues and concerns. excellent communication and presentation capabilities experience consultant mar 2014 to may 2017 provided object-oriented design programming and implementation support to the customer billing system written in java design database system for e-commerce website with persistence ejb platform prepared test plans and data and user documentation for customer billing system. problem-solved hardware issues with fault -tolerant hard drives. database administrator dec 2009 to feb 2017 working with database management systems determining and storing data. identify user needs and set up new computer database. integrate data from outdated systems to new system. machinist cnc programmer jun 2001 to dec 2009 setup fixtures program cnc machines for plumbing equipment education and training bachelor of science computer science/ information technology may 2013 limestone college computer science/ information technology bachelor of science business administration dec. 2011 limestone college business administration bachelor of science computer science software/programming dec. 2011 limestone college computer science software/programming master s degree information technology mit university of virginia tech present skills api billing system c
__label__CONSTRUCTION new construction / afe new construction / afe maintenance manager summary 23 years in the industry with 18 years of management / supervisory experience in shutdowns t/a s and project related work. safety statistics for all projects are always at the highest level. proven track record as manager / supervisor managing a variety of construction teams and projects with a 0.5 trir. my experience is within all complexes of the benicia refinery. extensive background in many areas of construction have given me the knowledge and skill to effectively function as the safety manager for the plant. recognized strong team leadership skills and relationships with contract groups both union/non-union trades. my integrity reputation and credibility as a leader are what our plant needs to influence safety processes and programs for the betterment of our workforce. i am a proven liaison between plant work groups. results-oriented manager that works efficiently and effectively to complete projects safely on time and within budget. analytical nature and skills of predicting and vetting construction projects benefits the safety manager position i am applying for. self-starter with a positive can-do attitude who is driven to learn improve and succeed and move the highlights safety plans / programs strong interpersonal skills safety
__label__TEACHER teacher summary seeking an teacher summary seeking an education coordinator position with a that will allow me to fully manage curriculum development coordinate on the job training opportunities utilize my communication organizational and problem solving skills. highlights microsoft office word outlook excel powerpoint publisher access teaching strategies gold cda-infants toddlers maryland child care credential pcs web leadership skills time management skills verbal communication skills organizational skills teamwork skills teaching skills resourcefulness patience responsibility reliability determination multi-tasking basic clerical knowledge reliable experience teacher 01/2014 to current plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of instruction demonstration and work time that provides students with opportunities to observe question and investigate. confer with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning following approved curricula. prepare materials and classrooms for class activities. establish and enforce rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order. organize and lead activities designed to promote physical mental and social development such as games arts and crafts music storytelling and field trips. assimilate arriving children to the school environment by greeting them helping them remove outerwear and selecting activities of interest to them. attend staff meetings and serve on committees as required. attend professional meetings educational conferences and teacher training workshops
__label__ADVOCATE charge nurse professional summary charge nurse professional summary objective to obtain a rn position in intake case management or on a behavioral health unit. seasoned charge nurse with more than 10 years of experience on fast paced dual diagnosis /chemical dependency unit and 13 years in med-surg. experience with holistic multi-disciplinary coordination of care for patients including collaborating with case managers physicians ancillary providers social workers and other internal and external programs. experience de-escalating hostile and aggressive patients by use of least restrictive interventions and proactively ensured safety of patients and staff. skills process evaluation patient care planning medical record auditing detail oriented critical thinking strong work ethic strong assessment skills adaptability collaboration cpi trained cpr work history charge nurse 07/2018 to 09/2020 assigned and delegated responsibilities based on staff competencies and patient needs. provided intervention medication as ordered and support to patients with acute chronic and drug induced mental illness. ensured that doctor s order were efficiently carried out including testing medical procedures consultations and stat orders for psychiatric /medical emergencies. performed daily nursing assessments on assigned patients including assessment of mood suicide safety risk and narrative of patient s daily activities. intake nurse 09/2019 to 04/2020 perused referrals and conducted rn to
__label__HR hr generalist skills microsoft hr generalist skills microsoft office suite sap kronos ibm adp ats mss hrss and oracle workbrain t experience hr generalist jan 2015 to current provides strategic hr counsel by driving the s hr practices. evaluates the current hr practices and makes recommendations for best in class solutions for contemporary hr issues. partners with plant hr manager partner for disability processing relocation coordination hr requisition and paf process maintaining employee files and performance plan tracking and record keeping. client manager for security and cintas. executed labour and employee relations activities that drive productivity and efficiency. provide labor relations and grievance counsel throughout the plant. execute talent management processes including recruiting staffing . partner with regional health and safety manager to improve safety performance and reduce workers compensation costs. provide performance management employee development training and succession planning. administers employee benefit and compensation programs and other initiatives as required. launched and currently managed a training database for employee performance and tracking. super user for the plant s hris system. generated enthusiastic above goal participation in an employee engagement committee. sr. administrative assistant jan 2012 to jan 2015 create highly effective organizational and filing systems including quick and thorough indexing filing and offsite
__label__HEALTHCARE health systems analyst summary health systems analyst summary healthcare-business professional with experience in competitive component resolution that drives revenue growth profits and operational performance. i am seeking an opportunity with an organization that offers a visionary innovative and professional environment that defines my experiences to rapidly understand new technologies and gain new skill sets. self-motivated detail oriented and adept communicator with solid written and verbal communication skills. loyal dedication and ambitious employee. willing to travel or relocate. education and training 2016 university of saint francis master of health administration 2010 pfeiffer university business administration and management information systems bachelor of science degree business administration and management information systems 2012 certified health information technology -implementation manager certification-chts-im skills proven patience and self-discipline conflict resolution relationship and team building claims analysis and review specialist critical thinking proficiency government relations knowledge proven patience and self-discipline motivation techniques specialist activities and honors american health information management association member ahima 2012-present dress for success 2010 to present experience january 2017 health systems analyst hands-on configuration and troubleshooting in claim in real-time environment as they relate to resolute. knowledge of rules work queues billing indicators statement processing letters self-pay follow-up with payment/ adjustments and reporting. extensive experience in patient accounting
__label__HEALTHCARE nc air guard health nc air guard health services manager career overview a highly skilled and attentive individual seeking a position that provides opportunities for professional growth and development. extremely motivated individual that will provide prompt friendly and professional service at all times. leadership and team building skill highlights logical and analytical thinking written and oral communication customer service oriented problem solving motivated self starter critical and creative thinking over 4 years medical technician background technology background data processing functions qualifications certified computer technician extremely customer service oriented highly reliable technician flexible work schedule security clearance technology background certified electronic health records specialist certified medical supply technician professional experience march 2013 to current nc air guard health services manager salary 38 264.88. performs and directs patient management functions. interprets communications directives and publications. coordinates release of information functions. prepares health record copies and abstracts. coordinates release of information functions. prepares files safe- guards transfers and retires health records. maintains patient locator and suspense files. prepares codes and transmits clinical record cover sheets. transcribes daily information onto charts. transcribes physicians orders and prepares requests for diagnostic tests consultations and referrals. performs functions to admit discharge and transfer patients. compiles information and prepares reports graphs and
__label__ADVOCATE bilingual client advocate professional bilingual client advocate professional summary organized hardworking and reliable social worker dedicated to providing effective and empathetic help. adept at documenting case files and assessing clients. talented at setting clients at ease and handling the stressful demands of working with cases of victims of abuse. accustomed to working in fast-paced environments. proficient at communicating with clients and professionals including attorneys judges police officers and others. skilled at finding and implementing the best possible solution. qualifications ability to work effectively on my own initiative as well as within a team respectable verbal and writing skills for report and assessment writing experienced using microsoft office word excel outlook. proficient at managing complex case loads more than five years of providing exceptional customer service ability to comply with policies and procedures skilled at individualizing case plans and empathize with clients cultural competent professional experience 02/2016 to 04/2016 bilingual client advocate answer crisis hotline assess caller s needs determine eligibility for shelter admission or makes appropriate referral. provide or arrange emergency transportation for incoming clients. complete intake procedures for each client arrange for immediate needs of family. manage shelter operations to include enforcing shelter rules policies and procedures ensuring a calm supportive atmosphere maintaining
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS d r daiana rocha d r daiana rocha summary public relations specialist knowledgeable on planning creating and implementing campaign strategies and media relations placement. forward-thinking professional offering a solid history of success in branding and social media management across corporate and public industries. talented leader with excellent judgment intuition and decision-making abilities. recognized as a focused hardworking and successful professional with a demonstrated history in campaign development and execution. senior communications expert with emphasis in audio-visual content creation. ample experience developing special events and creating strategies to propel brand image. organized in coordinating events by contacting media representatives preparing written materials scheduling photographers booking locations and video/graphic design of collateral and materials. proficient in business writing speech writing and marketing messaging. excellent interpersonal relations and public speaker. skills emmy-award winning journalist 20+ years of experience in communications savvy social media manager audio - visual content creator/producer strong research writing and editing skills public spokesperson event coordinator marketing strategists for audience growth and retention tech savvy in cutting-edge video/editing equipment and software incl. dslar cameras adobe premier adobe photoshop and after effects work experience 01/2008 - 10/2020 public relations specialist delivered information from the s government office to the members of the public by preparing
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager professional summary engineering manager professional summary electrical engineer with 20+ years of experience in semiconductors microlithography and strong project management background. scope of work required extensive background in equipment engineering maintenance and process sustaining. utilized experience in cross-function activities with other engineering production and support organization for the completion of start-up semiconductor factory construction and equipment s. outstanding communication skills in task-milestone reports provided senior level management with clear forecast of project completion. with additional experience in application marketing engineering led team of business development managers and r d engineer to grow duv business for dow chemical s globally from 300k to 20 million in 3 years. management skills excellent leadership skills in cross-functional team-based environment multi cultural with the ability to effectively communicate influence and motivate at all levels of the organization. strong understanding of financial measurements and goals that can be directly correlated to implementation of plans. proven ability to analyze statistics and trend data with measured outcomes dedicated operations manager demonstrating effective leadership in all aspects of the job. excels at cutting costs and streamlining operations. tech-savvy project manager versed in all aspects of project management from inception to completion. excels in recruiting and talent acquisition as well as
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary creative active accountant summary creative active with a prove ability to manage multiple tasks seeking a position whereby my personal technical skills can be applied developed. the ability to screen candidates to ensure of the qualifications. the ability of negotiating salaries and preparing job offers. conducting appropriate investigation such as calling references and performing a background check. conducting orientation sessions with new employees. set kpis and job description for each position. ability to manage employers benefits programs. manage all types of leaves like annual sick maternity or casual leaves using very advanced systematic methods with full analysis. preparing and performing the induction training to new employers. the ability of preparing periodic quizzes which used to evaluate product knowledge. communicating job vacancies and preparing required assessment. set performances drivers to be allied with organization goals. excellent understanding applying for objectives strategy organization culture. excellent skills in conflict resolving. excellent ability to identify personal differences build tailored development plan. excellent ability to train and guide groups of different backgrounds adapt different cultures. excellent ability to identify relationship between different unrelated aspects. excellent ability to identify potentials design conduct development plan. excellent ability to lead low performers into the track. excellent ability to rewrite the
__label__FINANCE finance manager highlights essbase finance manager highlights essbase peoplesoft tableau access excel hyperion experience july 2014 to current finance manager develop financial models for professional lab services pls management team and assists in the preparation of business cases for new lab management deals. reviews deal models and underlying assumptions to ensure effective financial decisions are being made. spearheads monthly actual to budget financial analysis and capital expenditure review for managed labs. leads an investigation team that audits deals that are not meeting financial expectations and presents findings with provides recommended solutions to senior leadership. streamlined and standardized monthly financial reporting for all existing managed labs. presents quarterly financial results and outlook to general manager pls and regional senior leadership. established deal tracking mechanism to track financial performance compared to the deal model. coordinates with business partners to build annual budgets and quarterly forecasts for existing managed labs and projects future revenue/om growth. reviews business cases for incremental capital expenditure requests for existing managed labs. develops pls department annual cost budget and reviews with general manager pls and senior finance leaders. june 2012 to july 2014 senior financial analyst partnered with the region s operational leadership team and provided financial support to each function by
__label__TEACHER kimberly fisheli summary dedicated kimberly fisheli summary dedicated and responsive special education teacher with proven skills in classroom management behavior modification and individualized support. comfortable working with students of all skill levels to promote learning and boost educational success. serves as role model by using growth mindset to develop young minds and inspire love of learning. experience substitute teacher 06/2017 - current - enforced classroom routines to keep students on schedule and operating at consistent level. implemented lesson plans assigned by classroom teacher to educate students about key concepts. maintained student attendance and assignment records to prevent lapses during teacher absences. oversaw pop quizzes material exams and standardized tests to facilitate instruction. applied proactive behavior management techniques to facilitate classroom discipline. provided notes and reports on school day activities to primary teacher. long-term special education substitute 02/2021 - 06/2021 - eliminated learning gaps and effectively instructed students by using teaching aids and motivational strategies. facilitated functional life skills development in students with autism through explicit instruction and repetition to entrench skills. established and communicated clear objectives for lessons units and projects to students. fostered positive and trusting relationships with students to increase engagement. organized and prepared instructional materials communiqu s and reports to facilitate
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary a senior accountant summary a highly competent motivated reliable and result-driven accountant with extensive experience supporting the finance needs of the organization. a self-starter and team player with excellent organizational and computer skills. proven ability to take on extra responsibilities and manage multiple projects simultaneously while working under stringent deadlines and maintaining high degree of confidentiality. highlights ms excel word 60 wpm outlook intacct professional accounting system sage 100 fund accounting and boa cashpro adp benefitmall payroll fidelity choice strategies experience senior accountant may 2015 to current financial reporting and daily operations oversee cash management - daily. manage financial closings - monthly. manage general ledger - monthly. review and prepare various account reconciliations - monthly. prepare standard custom internal financial reports in excel - monthly. prepare bank borrowing base reports - monthly quarterly. prepare functional managerial expense analysis - annually. prepare annual surplus earnings analysis -annually. prepare financial budget - annually. renew listed insurance policies annually commercial package policy - annually. pawnbroker s liability insurance - annually. fiduciary liability policy - annually. directors and officers liability policies 1 primary 1 excess - annually. workers compensation policy - annually. commercial crime policy - annually. auction sale - 3 times per annum download
__label__HR hr senior specialist career hr senior specialist career overview dedicated service representative professional motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success. core strengths excel data entry systems outlook microsoft systems amisys access. able to master process and apply new skills and concepts quickly. customer service expert telephone inquiries specialist courteous demeanor accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. work experience hr senior specialist 09/2006 to current health insurance/benefit specialist administrative xerox corporation - xerox is a leader in bpo and it outsourcing across a variety of industries and the public sector. thousands of companies rely on xerox to help improve their processes manage client operations and focus on their core business. duties provide administrative support functions relating to personnel retirement benefits and special projects. specific responsibilities assist participants with questions regarding medicare/medicaid questions eligibility and their specific s guidelines to qualify for the medicare/medicaid explain health and insurance coverage primary doctors and specialists hospitals and treatments covered by their medical insurance and what the medicare/medicaid covers. explain the changes in their insurance of choice. keep
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS applecare cpu advisor summary applecare cpu advisor summary my goal is to establish a rewarding career in customer service and data entry using my skills in excel proficiency and organization while being collaborative with a team to serve consumers to provide a positive customer experience. highlights microsoft office proficiency excellent communication skills microsoft excel certified filing and data archiving time management customer service-oriented self-directed exceptional telephone etiquette accomplishments reduced technical escalations to management by 95 to only 2-3 per day. skills advertising budget maintenance data entry graphic design marketing office management research phone support experience applecare cpu advisor july 2014 to current receive inbound calls to provide the customer an individualized experience educating the customer on how to use their macintosh apple products most efficiently. collaborate with customers to improve user experience with software and applications resolve technical and computer operating system issues. verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate using ilog/idesk case-logging tools. identified and resolved system and account issues. worked with team to represent apple positively and meet customer expectations. adhere and comply with apple s business conduct policy maintain integrity honesty and respect. acquisitions public relations coordinator may 2014 to current conduct and organize research-relevant content for
__label__APPAREL store manager summary energetic store manager summary energetic and versatile professional seeking to utilize and expand existing retail management skills with a growth oriented company. professional sales manager with experience coordinating a wide range of business activities in fast-paced sales environment self motivated and experienced in prioritizing projects and achieving results strong understanding of sales merchandising and customer service strategies strong communicator with excellent work ethics and ability to continuously acquire new skills highlights established track record of exceptional sales results goal-oriented staff development/training recruiting and interviewing energetic excellent communication skills exceptional multi-tasker team-oriented accomplishments awarded top sales manager of the year in 2010. exceeded sales management goals by 10+ on a quarterly basis which led to promotion to district sales manager within 7 months. created strategies to grow customer base which resulted in increased monthly sales. managed a successful sales team of 20+ members who consistently exceeded sales goals each month. experience store manager january 2011 to january 2014 responsible for all store operations including hr recruiting training sales and customer service lead team effectively trough period of transition from small to large square footage location with emphasis in maintaining excellent standards and motivate team to achieve kpi goals develop team trough coaching
__label__FITNESS director of operations summary director of operations summary a motivated professional seeking a position as an administrative assistant utilizing my 20 years of experience managing business operations and personnel to achieve organizational profitability. dynamic personality with the interpersonal communication skills to engage and develop strong rapport with individuals at all levels. excellent organizational and planning competencies utilized in providing full support to a department of 59 employees. adapt worker capable of efficiently maintaining departmental records in a multi-faceted organization to meet tight deadlines. proficient in multiple computer applications with fast and accurate typing skills and proven ability to plan organize direct and execute while yielding optimum results. well versed in microsoft office suite. highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed time management professional and mature resourceful strong problem solver advanced ms office suite knowledge strong interpersonal skills dedicated team player meeting planning schedule management experience director of operations september 2007 to february 2012 managed daily operations for 59 employees while managing a 2.5 million facility supporting 2.8k customers oversaw execution negotiation and implementation of 11.4 million annual contracts and 442k cook addendum contract inventoried food stock levels and purchases which reduced operating costs by 18 in seven months allocated
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development associate executive business development associate executive profile award-winning sales executive with international sales experience. skill highlights professional experience business development associate january 2015 to current - responsible for prospecting and developing relationships for unqualified and qualified sales leads through market master sales force cold calls and networking. generated over 60 - 70 sales calls per day and distributed sales materials to the appropriate future clients. secured appointments for the district mangers i am assigned to. built relationships with the district managers and worked together in securing new leads and securing appointments with the proper contact before or after the client has been qualified and would assist in any way win the sale. managing director january 2000 to january 2015 - marketing and management for telemarketing firms and the hospitality hotel industry. projects include accelerated financial center llc m.r. carter llc the ramada inn stuart fl the tourist information center of martin county in stuart florida. with mrc i contracted with mr carter llc and accelerated financial center llc. responsible for all telemarketing functions and sales sales relationship building and administration for both million dollar s which handled consumer credit card interest rate reductions under the federal credit cart act. at the ramada
__label__BANKING corporate banking assistant intern corporate banking assistant intern objective dynamic and self-motivated financial data analyst with diverse expertise in programming mathematics and finance. has extensive experience of assisting in the development and upgrading of database systems and analytical techniques. a quick learner who can absorb new ideas and can communicate clearly and effectively. skills programming language c/c++ python matlab sql r lua vba machine learning supervised learning unsupervised learning deep neural networks finance corporate banking financial forecasting financial analysis language english chinese experience corporate banking assistant intern may 2015 to august 2015 wrote commercial mortgage recommendation reports for risk management including properties appraisals cash flow analysis asset coverage analysis raroc analysis and sensitivity analysis. researched u.s small medium enterprises using sql for novel financial products. made recommendation to senior management with the most profitable industry and size. optimized commercial loan clients information management by developing updatable documentation notification system using vba and considerably improved efficiency of loan department. office assisant intern june 2012 to august 2012 developed customers feedback system using vba to optimize working procedures and improved working efficiency for low interest rate bond team by 20 . updated standardized procedures by interviewing employees and building statistic model and enhanced productivity of the
__label__BANKING banking boot camp participant banking boot camp participant summary recent graduate student with a bachelors in economics and minors in finance from central connecticut university looking to get some work experience by applying my education and experience. experience 05/2017 to 05/2017 banking boot camp participant 02/2017 to current sandwich artist/cashier took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear understandable manner. correctly received orders processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns. 01/2014 to 01/2016 student worker my job description included filling out paper workers making copies informing students about upcoming events answering the phone schedule advising and organizing speak sessions. work history 06/2014 to 02/2017 front end supervisor 10/2017 to current sandwich maker 02/2017 to current sandwich maker education and training may 2017 bachelor of arts economics finance central connecticut university economics finance 3.26 certifications i am cpr and western union certified. skills cash handling enthusiastic people person advanced problem-solving great organizational skills. knowledgeable of microsoft word excel spss powerpoint activities and honors volleyball track and field
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. skills strong attention to safe food handling procedures chef at the cork tree awarded best restaurant in west ways magazine employed at bing crosby s featured in desert sum magazine chefs surprise column august 2008 beautiful presentation of food food presentation talent hospitality and service industry background food presentation talent work history executive chef 05/2012 to current www.thecorktree.com. modern california and mediterranean cuisine. managed kitchen staff by recruiting selecting hiring orienting training assigning scheduling supervising evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. developed menus pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. actively involved in cost control sanitation menu development training recruitment private dining and catering. regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels. reduced food costs by using seasonal ingredients setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. head chef 01/2011 to 05/2012 was head chef for this fine dining steakhouse helped designed kitchen created all menus hired all kitchen staff set up all accounts for the kitchen. did all meat and fish portioning
__label__DESIGNER zachory edmiston summary skilled zachory edmiston summary skilled in customer service. motivated to enhance customer loyalty with exceptional service. maintains well-stocked organized stations ready for any need. exceeds customer expectations by providing friendly prompt and attentive service tailored to customer s preferences. hard worker with 3 years of service experience. familiar with organizing seating for individuals or parties to maximize guest satisfaction. demonstrates excellent communication planning and problem-solving skills. enthusiastic graphic artist educated in creating letterheads signage and other business-specific materials. talent for translating vision into suite of useful graphics and related designs. skilled at working on multiple projects at once while consistently meeting deadlines. deadline-oriented designer educated in creating brand messages strategies and key graphic productions. resourceful and hardworking with know-how to produce top-notch content. ambitious student pursuing bachelor s degree eager to contribute developed knowledge in graphic design. skilled in adobe illustrator indesign photoshop ect. adaptable and driven with strong work ethic and ability to thrive in team-based or individually motivated settings. skills guest relations takeout management customer service front of house organization event planning table management seating assignment reservations wine pairings table bussing high-volume dining fine dining customer service dining crew workflow optimization buffet setup and takedown price memorization service prioritization
__label__FITNESS senior implementation manager summary senior implementation manager summary manage and coordinate all aspects of benefit plan implementation for new and existing customers. provide focused service through initial post-sale client administration while fostering strong long-term partnerships with customers and all key stakeholders including sales/service consultants and other internal business units. committed to promoting on-going enhancements for program installation. qualifications conflict resolution techniques team management meticulous attention to detail effective verbal and written communication skills embrace and promote change committed to continuous learning creative and innovative project management strong interpersonal communication skills highly organized trainer and mentor to new staff accomplishments part of combined effort that helped team exceed key performance metric goals for new england territory. part of combined team effort that exceeded performance threshold for turn around times resulting in monetary incentives. promoted to senior implementation manager nominated for aetna way silver award experience senior implementation manager 07/2016 to current mediate and coordinate resolution of all project deliverables and implementation related issues to guarantee customer expectations are met and exceeded. develop and execute implementation strategy consistent with customer expectations ensure strategy is administered in accordance with all performance guarantee arrangements. assist with the selection of implementation staff and the development of training activities mentor
__label__CONSULTANT wms consultant objective looking wms consultant objective looking for the position of a supply chain consultant where i can optimize a s business by providing supply chain solutions and building an efficient customer relationship. summary of skills strong understanding of supply chain principles with an expertise in warehouse management. functional knowledge in the end to end warehouse systems with an experience in manhattan associates warehouse systems. complete understanding of inbound inventory and outbound in a warehouse. excellent knowledge in software development life cycle with an emphasis in analysis and testing. ability to clearly define and execute test plans and procedures. ability to meet deadlines and deliver projects on time. strong analytical and problem solving skills. hands on experience in troubleshooting computer hardware peripherals. work experience wms consultant 05/2015 to current created test cases for inbound receiving and put-away fields. verified asns after parsing multiple asns using xml format. created inbound and outbound license plate numbers. ilpn/olpn . configured and tested system directed and manual put-away. configured the inventory to move an item from one active location to the another one active location to a reserve. configured wave management task management locations wave process types and inventory need types. tested partial shipment and rf receive
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS senior account executive experience senior account executive experience 10/2011 to current senior account executive 10/2011 to current senior account executive serve as day-to-day contact for senior level microsoft clients e.g. collaborate strategize and counsel on approach to business problem and/or storytelling goals oversee strategic storytelling efforts in major metropolitan markets that aim to grow consumer perceptions of microsoft and its positive impact on a community e.g. markets include new york san francisco seattle boston los angeles etc. integrate with internal and external stakeholders on messaging narrative development and communications plans support a holistic storytelling approach e.g. pr social product marketing stakeholders etc. . maintain lasting relationships with top-tier influencers across a variety of tech and consumer sectors on behalf of clients like microsoft volvo and safeway. manage junior level team members offer career coaching and mentorship managed and grew microsoft office brand ambassador program e.g. which worked to drive brand awareness credibility and shift consumer perceptions through notable consumer lifestyle bloggers and influencers via online and social campaigns drove strategic campaign development and execution for microsoft office events and key seasonal moments e.g. holiday back to school etc. . 10/2009 to 10/2011 public relations associate provided public and media relations/public affairs support for walmart
__label__ENGINEERING test engineering profile i test engineering profile i am seeking the challenging position with a technology that will allow me to apply and enhance my skills of being test engineer to their fullest potential. possessing over 10 years of experience in the electronics manufacturing and test engineering environment can bring high level of responsibility and technical role in your company. in addition i am eager to contribute my creativity and hard work towards the success of your and to the growth of the fast developing field. areas of expertise digital/analog and rf circuits design techniques and troubleshooting used agilent e5061b-3l5 lf-rf network analyzer for troubleshooting proficient with circuit board and microscope soldering skills and rework interpret in reading schematic diagram for ac/dc circuits view expert cad design software operating experience texmac flying probe 9000 series program experience agilent 83480a digital communication analyzer operating experience employment hands on computer skills python scripting for test automation solaris 10 os linux mandrake and red hat os configuration sql server configuration unix script shell programming networking essentials networking cabling cat5e cat6 and fiber optic tcp/ip and osi layers knowledge windows xp pro-win 7 mac os x leopard pc hardware installation pc troubleshooting pc software installation routers and switches
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS administrative assistant summary a administrative assistant summary a dedicated and focused administrative professional who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. results-oriented team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to in need of top-level support. education master public relations 2015 full sail university public relations bachelors of arts bachelor of arts spanish philosophy media studies 2013 mercer university marketing public relations and journalism coursework presentation skills workshop coursework in business communications and advertising associate of arts philosophy 2011 georgia perimeter college student government representative academic achievement award highlights advanced ms office suite knowledge excel spreadsheets competent in adobe creative suites software indesign illustrator photoshop adobe acrobat xi pro meeting planning report writing schedule management deadline-oriented report analysis employee training and development problem resolution meticulous attention to detail schedule management experience administrative assistant 01/2013 to 10/2014 designed web and other content. designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. handled all media and public relations inquiries. created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists. served as professional representative of the ceo to executive clients investors and board members. published and designed corporate newsletter. prepared and edited articles. designed graphic
__label__ADVOCATE mds coordinator skills skills mds coordinator skills skills used i enjoy challenging sticks. i try my best at being the best. enjoy working as a team or self if needed. staff lpn smith village - chicago il october 2013 to april 2015 responsibilities provide patient care manage a team of cna s injections diabetic management cva cases wound care gt management psych care med surg assited living care iv care management etc participated and completed 8 weeks of training on total mds 3.0/ rai process understanding the principals and process of the rai 3.0 pps/obra regulations and guidelines understanding mds 3.0 coding for obra and pps able to accurately assess activities for daily living pps/medicare timing and scheduling familiar with care assessments caas understanding of rug iv payment prospective system clinical reimbursement for quality of care maximization of skilled nursing facility federal medicare reimbursement programs utilizing the rug iv guidelines vital signs injections glucose testing dressing changes cpr certified for adults infants and children surgical sterile field standard first aid gt feeding management iv management daily computer and internet use 9 years certifications/licenses mds 3.0 coordinator clinical reimbursement/ mds 3.0 coordinator accomplishments great patient care great management skills skills used time management managing a
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development career overview business development career overview committed and motivated professional with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. extensive experience working with a diverse client base and delivering results. high-achieving professional possessing excellent communication organizational and analytical capabilities. background in business development customer service and project management. skill highlights problem resolution results-oriented meticulous attention to detail managing multiple priorities microsoft office proficiency customer relations specialist employee training and development core accomplishments data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions. coordinated all department functions for team of 40 increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols. customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. planning arranged scheduled and coordinated all logistics and travel itineraries for staff of 40 employees. ensured staff was equipped with all necessary supplies and collateral for long distance travel. scheduling facilitated on boarding of new employees by scheduling training answering questions and processing paperwork. professional experience business development february 2015 to september 2015 - responsibilities have included setting up new with vendors manufactures and contractors by implementing effective
__label__ADVOCATE landscaper accomplishments fmc level landscaper accomplishments fmc level i certification from adventis nov 16 - built a three-statement fully circular and properly formatted financial model from scratch in under 90 minutes - developed an understanding of key concepts in financial modeling accounting and corporate finance. miami university investment banking club feb 17-present. learn and practice valuation techniques and financial modeling discuss latest financial news. discuss proper interviewing skills and gain insight from experienced investment bankers. miami university asset management club oct. 16-present. contribute to management of portfolio worth 60 000 in equities. create and present stock pitches listen to and provide input on pitches from other members. stock investment competition sep 15-nov 15. earned first place out of thirty-four teams across five dayton-area high schools. competed at the university of dayton 50 of score based on presentation 50 based on portfolio. earned 14 on 100 000 over a six-week period. experience landscaper 05/2017 to current landscape employee managing over 200 properties both commercial and residential. received landscape and hardscape training and education provided training to new employees. delivery driver 05/2016 to 08/2016 delivered to local homes and businesses and worked within the caf keeping up with various daily tasks. intern 05/2015 to 08/2016 internship
__label__FITNESS customer care representative professional customer care representative professional summary skills account reconciliation exceptional organization billing and collections expert invoice and payment transactions work history customer care representative 06/2013 to 08/2014 managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex fast-paced and challenging call center environment addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation met or exceeded service and quality standards every review period maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency while managing a wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks mastery of customer service management systems and databases excelled in meeting objectives through use of independent action prioritization persistence and leadership skills addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion providing appropriate information while maintaining precise records and a high standard of customer service managed quality communication customer support and product representation for each customer ran reports and supplied data to fulfill customer report requirements built customer loyalty by resolving complaints expediting orders and locating out-of-stock or discontinued items recommended selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs
__label__BANKING manager experience manager 11/2013 manager experience manager 11/2013 to current manage a large global team of up to 50 managers technical leads and software developers across a portfolio of 25 lob applications. my responsibilities include . vendor management rfps vendor selection scope based contractual obligations and negotiations on fixed bid fixed scope t m sows and 3rd party software licensing. lrps short and long-term strategic road maps project planning monitoring and software delivery. operational excellence using application performance monitoring apm log aggregation etc. solution architecture design of complex projects and enhancements to existing products. all aspects of it management - hiring up/out developing trust based on highly advanced technical knowledge motivating actively key contributions . reshaped the sdlc within the first 90 days from an everything-goes to an agile scrum based process substantially improving on-time and on-budget deliveries. introduced jira as part of the transformation which snowballed into centralization of fractured implementations and adoption by thousands of people across the company. stabilized a key vod rights and windows management application with many technical challenges including performance and data corruption. improved the resiliency of the platform and reduced the technical debt enabling faster features development. substantially improved mttr and rca by adopting splunk and appdynamics
__label__CHEF sushi chef executive profile sushi chef executive profile 14 years experience in high end restaurants with a background in french japanese and peruvian cuisine. expertise in all facets of kitchen management including food cost percentage labor cost budgeting scheduling menu developing and strategic planning. professional experience may 2005 to november 2011 sushi chef in charge of daily operation in the sushi bar quality control monthly inventory menu developing scheduling for 10 employees. november 2011 to january 2015 executive sous chef in charge of daily operations menu developing monthly inventory scheduling for 50 people january 2016 to current corporate chef in charge of daily operations of all restaurants menu developing scheduling for 90 people food cost percentage labor cost control hiring monthly inventory. education 2006 le cordon bleu usa associate of arts culinary arts
__label__FINANCE director of finance executive director of finance executive profile ambitious finance director who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights strategic planning budgeting / forecasting leadership financial planning and analysis expense control p l / balance sheet management cost reductions matrix management core accomplishments achieved stretch targets for a turn-around business in ebit cash flow and cost out created developed and trained fp a department analyzed channel profitability to optimize pricing and mix strategies professional experience director of finance 02/2014 to current oversee multiple departments responsible for global fp a productivity tracking r d analysis warranty pricing and consumer division financial reporting. lead canadian finance group responsible for p l balance sheet reporting pricing and f/x. implemented improved cost-out reporting highlighting areas of concern and achieved global stretch targets in 2014. teamed with sales and marketing to achieve 2014 stretch targets in ebit and cash flow through channel reporting contribution margin analysis inventory control and cost vigilance. oversee annual budget strategic plan and forecast for consumer division. reorganized us and canada reporting teams to achieve maximum performance and support multiple functions
__label__BANKING associate investment banking operations associate investment banking operations highlights proficient in microsoft office excel powerpoint word access minitab maple lingo and html applications experience in sap programs as well as six sigma detail-oriented analytical troubleshooting and problem solving superior communication group dynamic time management organizational and leadership skills experience associate investment banking operations 07/2013 intern syndicated loan operations 06/2012 12/2012 responsible for performing maintenance on over 150 deals with over 1000 loans including processing notices of loan activity managing cash flows and monitoring past dues and exceptions. identified issues and partnered with the agent banks to define the root cause and implement a remediation plan. prepared and distributed weekly status updates to the agent banks for several deals. responsible for monthly checklist process ensuring the integrity of month-end data. intern derivatives operations 12/2011 05/2012 responsible for updating and creating backend client contact details database to ensure efficient communication with clients for successful compliance with federal regulations. prepared bi-monthly critical executive scorecard reports for senior management to ensure the corporation complied with federal confirmed-trade regulations. improved efficiency of reporting through developing system enhancements including macros generating business critical compliance reports for both equity and credit derivatives. education 2013 bachelor of science university of delaware -
__label__BANKING park operations hostess summary park operations hostess summary highly experienced in banking customer service data entry publicity editing and a wide range of computer skills software pc and mac environments computerized cash registers invoice scheduling and inventory software microsoft windows and microsoft word excel onenote powerpoint and photoshop. a strong literary background coupled with up-to-date technological knowledge. highlights software pc and mac environments microsoft windows and microsoft word powerpoint excel and publisher time management meticulous attention to detail excellent communication skills strong problem solver multi-line phone proficiency filing and data archiving accomplishments data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions. multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. experience park operations hostess 09/2014 to current provide exceptional guest service by greeting and interacting with guests answering questions and resolving guest issues ensure safe and efficient line speed and crowd flow through park rides and stadiums operate and monitor ride systems following all safety policies and procedures including proper loading/unloading of guests and ride evacuations perform
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations intern summary public relations intern summary ambitious service-driven student looking to apply my education and experience to a job in sports management. areas of proficiency include communication skills people skills and a skills strong work ethic self-motivated data analysis empathetic listener communication skills foreign language experience public relations intern may 2017 to august 2017 established and maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community consumer employee and public interest groups. targeted specific clientele to identify trends and developments that might influence pr decisions and strategies. successfully aided in the establishment of a new and upcoming franchise. sales associate may 2013 to may 2014 completed all cleaning stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales area. maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientele. counselor june 2011 to june 2014 identified signs of emotional developmental problems in young students. referred residents and families to community resources to improve well-being and quality of life. educated families and community members about domestic violence. molded kids to leaders. education and training bachelor of arts communication current sports management texas a m university communication current 3.481 sports management interests volunteer special olympics
__label__AVIATION outside machinist summary i outside machinist summary i am responding with great interest to the advertisement for a carrier overhaul network scheduling position. i would be an ideal match for this position. i am a 15 year military veteran that served his country with hard work and dedication. i am looking forward to bringing trades to your in addition to my extensive professional experience i have a ton of experience in carrier overhaul planning scheduling and administrative skills. my broad background makes me an excellent candidate for this position. i look forward to meeting with you in person to further discuss my qualification. thank you for your time and consideration. work experience 12/2012 to current outside machinist i am skilled in the installation of propulsion machinery sea valves steering gear anchor handling equipment elevators pumps ventilation fans and weapons systems. in the process of installing this equipment experience is gained in the use of math blueprints precision tooling and portable machine tools. i have also become familiar with the procedures for precision line boring precision alignment of machinery bearing fitting machinery assembly surface machining precision reaming and machinery and weapons testing. 11/1996 to 01/2012 aviation ordnanceman while assigned to the uss nimitz cvn 68
__label__ARTS line attendant summary results-oriented line attendant summary results-oriented supervisor with diverse background in management and customer service. dedicated to providing excellent customer service and making operational and procedural improvements. highlights certifications/skills team player excellent multi-tasker strong communication skills cash handling accuracy microsoft word experience talent in obtaining/charting vital signs leadership skills cpr/first aid certification osha certificate microsoft excel experience store opening and closing procedures outstanding communication skills outstanding communication skills training and development accomplishments competitive analysis performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future growth. competitive analysis performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future growth. experience line attendant nov 2009 to sep 2014 directed and supervised employees engage in sales inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts or in performing services for customers. offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the brand assigned employees to specific duties scheduled break assuring they go on time accordingly. monitored sales activities to ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and quality goods. recommend selected and helped locate and obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires called other stores within the area to find desired items helped customers try on and fit merchandise greeted customers and ascertain what each customer wants and needs responded to written and telephone
__label__ARTS senior marketing automation consultant senior marketing automation consultant summary i am a passionate and technically-skilled marketing automation consultant committed to building trusted relationships with clients vendors colleagues and people who dream big. my mission is to empower modern marketers and organizations to achieve success innovation and business value through marketing automation and technology. my background includes a unique and diverse mix of experience in both corporate and independent/small business settings creating a well-rounded and distinct blend of strengths including creative strategic analytical optimization/process communication and hands-on production. highlights digital marketing systems integration database management complex problem solving cross-functional collaboration innovative enthusiastic team player strong written and verbal communicator detail-oriented passionate experience senior marketing automation consultant 09/2014 to current focused on delivering best practices product education and configuration to marketing and sales organizations to ensure that their investment in marketing technology is maximized. provide advisory and support to a variety of organizations including pwc vision service plan td ameritrade tyco and parker hannifin. responsibilities include evaluate client needs and develop strategic marketing automation roadmap and solutions that fit business requirements implement marketing technologies with eloqua including on24 cvent citrix webex salesforce siebel oracle sales cloud twitter relationship one and other various 3rd party systems develop
__label__ENGINEERING engineering office clerk experience engineering office clerk experience engineering office clerk 01/2018 to 01/2019 provides departmental clerical support to engineering staff including typing filing recordkeeping telephone screening primary reception contact and other clerical duties as required. researches orders purchases and maintains office equipment and supplies. types correspondence and maintains central business files for department. processes records for the department creates and maintains accurate records. responds to complaints or requests for services in accordance with departmental policies. receives and maintains citizen complaint logs relating to drainage and project issues. serves as recording secretary for formal and informal bid meetings. picks up and delivers documents from other offices. gis data entry for municipal software system. scanning engineering drawings and files. mailing various correspondences. assist administrative assistant to the department head and other engineering employees as needed. benefits clerk 01/2017 to 01/2018 scan and file various documents onto the database. organize and create online employee files. process and file benefits forms and related information. maintain benefit records. request needed documents for employee benefits. mail out employee benefit packages. inform employees of benefit eligibility. work in reception area as needed greeting and signing in visitors. answer phone calls and route to the correct employee or department. schedule meetings
__label__ADVOCATE district manager summary i district manager summary i am seeking a setting in which i can expand on and use my sales and management experience. i have a outstanding track record of exceptional customer service pro-active business strategies and award winning sales. my passion is leading teams to success through employee engagement. i look forward to using my marketing and sales skills to work with and grow with your team. highlights i have trained in and used aba. trained yearly in autism spectrum disorder. trained and experienced in the use of basic language and learning skills ablls . i am flexible and able to adapt and achieve my goals in various settings as i have done in home school and community. i am experienced in methods of data collection including trials that are used to record the progress of the child. direct and plan curriculum for camp programs and special activity days in a creative manner. work with children families and staff. communication skills include speech written reports and graphs showing achieved objectives. i have an enormous amount of patience which i have found to be very useful in working with any population of children especially those children diagnosed with autism. i have hold
__label__AVIATION global it project manager global it project manager summary my background is in information technology and i have over 20 years experience working in the aviation ground handling sector performing several it roles. from support to system administration and most recently in project management skills windows windows office suites citrix active directory jira and trello project management applications service now itsm personal information date of birth 8th october 1973 marital status married experience global it project manager 05/2013 to current air menzies international limited global it project manager may 2013 to present a wholesale freight agent providing cargo and express services in europe north america south africa and oceania. my role based in wood dale il is primarily to manage the internal system around our global network. managing the in-house java development team to offer internal back of house solutions as well as customer facing web portals to our freight agent community. i also manage the support network across our four regions ensuring the end user is supported by local key users or from members of my uk us and south pac based teams. my role is to gather business knowledge and process in order to provide requirements to my development team that allows
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary master s consultant summary master s degree in computer science with twenty-five years of experience designing implementing and maintaining computer programs architectures and operating systems. expert in c c++ java sql and with web based applications. over ten years experience teaching as adjunct or full time faculty while running a consulting firm. highlights proficient in html sql expert analytical self-starter javascript expert c c++ java expert accomplishments awarded united states patent number 5 758 052 in may 1998 for network management method using redundant control processors awarded united states patent number 5 491 791 in february 1996 for system and method for remote workstation monitoring within a distributed computing environment deans scholarship at the university of pittsburgh towards ph.d. degree may 1989 - may 1990 teaching assistant at the university of pittsburgh operating systems august 1989 experience consultant january 2002 to current currently running a business doing general programming and web development. the majority of the work is server side programming using either asp or php with sql. recent contracts included a php project using mysql for a ticket broker with 1500 websites. another was doing business analysis programming using sql server c# .net ajax and html for a global law firm.
__label__CHEF head chef summary chef head chef summary chef energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. beautiful presentation of food institutional and batch cooking strong attention to safe food handling procedures extensive catering background. highlights strong butchery skills contemporary sauce work high volume production capability focus on portion and cost control well-tuned palette inventory management familiarity servsafe certified experience 04/2016 to current head chef identify opportunities to increase revenue decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest satisfaction. regularly develop new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes nutritional needs and budgetary considerations. consistently produce exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners praise. ensure smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory purchasing and receiving. follow proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products. 05/2006 to 01/2016 executive chef/director working chef in charge of food costing and liquor. in charge of all food and beverage ordering and inventory controls. planning for 110 person restaurant plus on-site pavilion hosting banquets and weddings for up to 275 guests -
__label__TEACHER teacher summary child care teacher summary child care professional with background as a family support specialist and a teacher looking to join a growing and service-driven organization. highlights detail oriented skilled multi-tasker deadline- driven fast learner culturally sensitive effective communicator accomplishments received a certificate of appreciation for dedication of service and outstanding performance in august 2004. received a certificate of completion at los angeles southwest college. experience teacher 08/2014 to current provide children ages 3 to 5 years old with a learning environment and experiences which help them develop socially physically and emotionally in a manner appropriate to their age and stage of development. promote family engagement in the child s education and well being. provide training and guidance for parent and other classroom volunteers. make a minimum of two home visits with each child s family and hold a minimum of two parent conferences each year. assist parents to organize and implement parent activities encourage facilitate and support parental involvement in all aspects of the head start program assist with transition to kindergarten or other child care or school placement. prepare and maintain accurate records including child observation individualization lesson plans attendance lunch count parent participation in-kind contributions and others as directed using
__label__FITNESS territory sales consultant career territory sales consultant career focus talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and consistently achieves and exceeds business objectives with a customer-centric approach. develops long-term relationships and establishes loyalty with customers. ability to adapt to an evolving marketplace and grow with new roles and responsibilities. summary of skills background in gpo and formulary processes experience in specialty hospital and primary care sales and injectable medications skilled in new product and new indication launches. adept in providing in-services and training to clinical staff trained in pricing gross profits and margins. broad knowledge of osteoporosis women apos s health men apos s health and musculoskeletal pain. excellent communication skills. customer focused highly motivated accomplished in relationship selling professional experience august 2013 to current territory sales consultant in charge of growing a 9 million territory. quickly learned a vast array of products associated terminology competitors trends challenges reimbursement and government regulation. responsible for long-term relationship building between the customer cardinal health and other professional organizations group purchasing organizations etc . set up trials and provide in-services and training to clinical staff on proper use of various medical products. work closely with decision makers in hospital settings value analysis coordinators materials managers clinical educators team
__label__HEALTHCARE senior specialty sales representative senior specialty sales representative summary decisive seasoned bio-pharmaceutical sales representative who drives territory growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies. skilled at analyzing market trends and customer needs to develop highly-effective and targeted campaigns to drive revenue. highlights account management customer service-oriented quantitative analysis deadline-driven presentations cross-functional team leadership microsoft office suite expert market segmentation project management competitive analysis trade shows accomplishments launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base of flumist from 15 to 94 customers in the geography in 3 years. presented powerpoint presentation to executive leadership team on customer segmentation strategy and customer returns strategy. resulting program increased volume sales by 1million in 1 year provided subject matter content to a sales module on successful selling in a hospital environment. resulting sales training from this module lead to significant increase in synagis revenue from hospital sales and greater confidence of sales reps to enter hospital systems created a project to increase sales team s collaboration. used s sharepoint service to create a workspace for field use. worked with effectiveness team to roll out a similar platform using box.com. program has been incorporated by astra zeneca to share information and increase collaboration of sales and commercial teams
__label__ARTS administrative coordinator summary reliable administrative coordinator summary reliable and energetic arts administrator with a master of arts in arts management. a highly motivated individual with strong organizational and prioritization abilities. areas of expertise include communications public relations marketing event planning and outreach. highlights good written communication skills working knowledge of wordpress and photoshop pr and marketing experience fundraising familiarity with microsoft office and social media experience with banner patriot web 25live and eva purchasing systems event planning experience experience administrative coordinator 08/2013 to current developed and implemented new scheduling system for special events portfolio reviews and advising through acuity scheduling to replace cumbersome phone appointments manage front line communication between students faculty and administration prepares written communication for prospective and current student admittance. assist with pr/marketing with cvpa academic affairs and admissions offices as well as outreach initiatives serve as liaison for marketing school of art portfolio review day and open house events to the community and local high schools websites management i.e. edits and updates schedules and coordinates school of art advisory council meetings manage portfolio review process communication flow between prospective students admissions and school of art staff and administration administers and collates information generated throughout the portfolio and recruitment process coordinate/schedule
__label__SALES sales executive summary twenty sales executive summary twenty years of experience in all aspects of sales/marketing management focused goal and profit-oriented. proven track record of sustainable growth in existing market and development of business in new markets. effective organizational communication technical leadership personnel training/development and public relations skills. established reputation for professionalism taking initiative productivity and dependability attention to detail teamwork and enthusiasm motivated and results-driven consistent high sales achiever. proficient in use of microsoft windows/office xp word excel powerpoint and internet. professional experience sales january 2011 to current responsible for developing relationships with purchasing agents engineers and architects. negotiate and secure sales developing existing accounts and acquiring new account business. prospect new customers and call on existing client accounts provide informative presentations on all products show catalogs make recommendations quote and negotiate prices/payment terms submit proposals secure purchase order agreements and initiate additional sales through telemarketing. branch manager january 2009 to january 2011 develop leads and maintain a viable network of business contacts and prospective clients to consistently meet assigned sales quotas. review and analyze policy and procedures with a view toward enhancing sales productivity efficiency and quality performance. developed and implemented strategies to improve branch operations staff competency and productivity. establish relationships
__label__SALES sales engineer profile write sales engineer profile write professional summary using keywords for application scanning robots. tailor resume to specific advertised position. paragraph 26 years of experience in the engineering and construction fields 2 - sentences 8 years project management experience sustainable design experience from conceptualization to building occupancy diverse client profile medical research development commercial educational and industrial 10 plus years not exact dates or culminating years a competent project engineer with excellent communication organisation and co-ordination skills. possessing a proven track record of preparing and executing project plans and programmes ensuring that work is carried out in accordance with the companies procedures and clients satisfaction. able to ensure timely safe and cost effective design and implementation during the life cycle of projects from conception till customer satisfaction. currently looking for a suitable project engineer or consultant position with a forward thinking employer. skills extensive experience of planning project management design client liaison. experience of interpreting specifications and preparing technical proposals. ability to multi-task in a demanding engineering environment. a strong track record in delivering projects on time and within budget. able to ensure that all h s procedures are met and maintained. resolving complex technical issues and coming up with fast efficient
__label__ARTS visual arts teacher summary visual arts teacher summary art education professional driven to inspire students to pursue academic and personal excellence. strives to create a challenging and engaging learning environment in which students become life-long scholars and learners. highlights rated master teacher naea member taea member multi-media instruction committed to cultivating student leadership excellent classroom management social media savvy traditional fine art skills 15 years experience in art education lesson plan development detail-oriented accomplishments january 2017-led 200 adults and students in art installation in chiang mai thailand. featured in local and international art exhibitions. judging numerous and regional art meets sbisd volunteer of the year 2010 mentor texas association of private and parochial schools- art meet director naea chapter sponsor deans list 2 semesters rated master teacher in public school system group exhibitions 2014 imago-redemption juried exhibition houston tx 2014 18 hands gallery juror jay hill houston tx 2014 monumental metal works riddle gallery bryan tx 2015 8th annual cameo emerging artists exhibition baytown tx 2015 kuntsthaus artist in residence exhibition salzwedel germany 2015 under the radar curator sally sprout williams tower houston tx 2016 holiday group exhibition samara gallery houston tx 2016 rising eyes of texas prize juror-anna stothart rockport center for the
__label__CHEF executive chef executive profile executive chef executive profile more than twenty years of progressively responsible experience as a dynamic resourceful and skilled executive chef with a proven success record in both fine dining and catering. associate of occupational studies in culinary arts from the culinary institute of america. supervised a staff of 40 to prepare as many as 5 000 meals per day. highly organized initiated and coordinated all pastry production for four restaurants and a catering company. very professional experienced in developing new food concepts and applications skill highlights multi-operation hospitality management high degree of drive and determination proven leadership skills special dietary needs expert adaptable staff development talent core accomplishments directed the operation and organization of kitchens and all food-related activities including the presentation and serving of food.created and explored new cuisines. milwaukee journal sentinel carol deptolla s top 30 restaurants of 2011. professional experience executive chef 11/2014 to current effectively plan and develop menus for the club considering factors such as product availability food and service cost marketing conditions and business volume. ensure the correct preparation and presentation of a consistent level for all food items prepared through production and demonstration. full accountability and responsibility for all caf /kitchen operational functions.
__label__FITNESS administrative office assistant experience administrative office assistant experience 01/2015 to current administrative office assistant provide customer service schedule appointments and additional duties as needed. 01/2015 to 01/2016 cheer coach foster a culture of sportsmanship teamwork and responsibility. 07/2009 to current adjunct faculty lecture and communicate effectively with students from diverse backgrounds. initiate thought-provoking discussions to help students build their critical thinking skills and translate their academic interests into the real world. maintain an undergraduate teaching load of 3-5 courses each semester to include medical terminology women s health stress management human sexuality nutrition concepts personal fitness/wellness student development. 01/2008 to current substitute teacher adapt to variety of lesson plans to cover subject areas in grades k-12. 07/2005 to 08/2008 fitness/wellness coordinator interview hire train schedule and evaluate group fitness instructors. maintain and manage fitness rooms and equipment. sign off payroll. navigate and use class track to provide access to specialty fitness classes. organize and maintain employee records and cpr/first aid certifications. conduct monthly staff trainings and meetings. execute on-campus incentive program fitraider raiderxcape . coordinate and assist with special events i.e. fitness xtravaganza tech well etc . rename and brand fitness program raiderx and x2 . develop and manage better u yoga and pilates
__label__ENGINEERING 737 industrial engineering manager 737 industrial engineering manager professional summary self-motivated innovative and goal-oriented industrial engineer project manager and team leader dedicated to boosting revenue through exceptional leadership and rigorous cost and schedule control techniques. desires the opportunity to revamp processes and procedures and increase efficiency and product quality. skills project planning and development strategic planning lean manufacturing and design analytical personable dedicated team player procedure development dependable work history 737 industrial engineering manager 01/2014 to current manage and lead an industrial engineering team in support of the 737 wing seal test paint and systems installation build processes. lead my team in their daily activities such as production scheduling / cycling managing the shop operating rhythm and process improvement implementation resulting in over 1.5m in cost savings. lead team to track metrics and manage major shop recoveries that impact final assembly and/or delivery lead team to use lean tools in order to continuously root cause issues/opportunities and drive improvements into the business plan support 2 manufacturing senior managers and wings director in several rate and max readiness projects manage opportunities and risks for recurring and nonrecurring statement of work lead and continue to develop a 4 sustaining employee involvement team that is also 5.0
__label__BANKING assistant boy s basketball assistant boy s basketball coach summary ability plus opportunity equals responsibility. clyde muse the mission therefore go and make disciples of all nations.baptizing them in the of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit and teaching them to obey everything i have commanded you. matt.28 19-20 niv the example just as the son of man did not come to be served but to serve and to give his life as a ransom for many. matt. 20 28 niv the commitment so i say live by the spirit....but the fruit of the spirit is love joy peace patience kindness goodness faithfulness gentleness and self control. against such things there is no law. gal. 5 16 22 niv the work of christ is to allow his spirit to working in you. my whole existence is to live work and play looking for opportunities to better the lives of others though christ. the commitment to serve to your fellow man is the responsibility of every christian. experience 08/2013 to current assistant boy s basketball coach - analyze the team s strengths and weaknesses while matching against opposing team s abilities. evaluate game momentum and coordinate strategy for attack. track
__label__ACCOUNTANT general accountant summary team-oriented general accountant summary team-oriented accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under budget forecasting excellent managerial techniques account reconciliation strong organizational skills cash management proficient in quickbooks intacct financial statement reporting excel word experience 01/2016 to 11/2016 general accountant treasury manager comply365 beloit wi manage accounting operations including ap ar and payroll/benefits assist with monthly/year-end close and annual audit cash management-produce cash forecast and manage cash flow assist the cfo with the production of monthly financials management reports and board packages. maintain confidential information prepare monthly and annual expense forecasts analyze costs and revenues to project future trends prepare and maintain cap table. staff accountant comply365 beloit wi ar-prepared client invoices and researched and resolved collections and billing disputes ap-processed invoices and researched and resolved billing and invoice issues reconciled all bank and credit card accounts. processed payroll electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments. reduced time and costs and increased efficiency by introducing new accounting procedures and software. conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances. education bachelor of science accounting upper iowa university accounting bachelor of science business administration university of illinois business administration champaign/urbana il 2015-16 director of finance - hononegah youth soccer association
__label__HR hr specialist summary dedicated hr specialist summary dedicated driven and dynamic with over 20 years of customer service expertise. motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to success with an emphasis in personnel and process management. solid team player with proven ability to establish rapport with clients. skills type 50 wpm and 10-key by touch microsoft programs word excel access outlook powerpoint personnel management and telephone inquiries specialist excellent customer service skills with call quality and customer satisfaction as primary focus. inbound and outbound contact center experience excellent oral and written presentation and seasoned in conflict resolution experience hr specialist may 2007 to oct 2008 accenture peopleline email management team. received inbound emails from clients as initial point of contact to answer questions related to hr policies practices or to resolve issues. helped the client by answering their inquiry resolving their issue or routing their email to a caseworker for resolution. recorded and tracked the client issue via the case management tool from initiation to resolution. maintained records of customer interactions and transactions by documenting details of inquiries complaints and comments as well as actions taken. customer service representative mar 2007 to feb 2008 maintained records of customer interactions and transactions by documenting details
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career overview experienced consultant career overview experienced self-starter who is highly customer service-oriented organized and possesses strong time management skills. qualified customer service rep with 13 years in a detail-oriented customer service and call center environments offering a record of successful job performance through problem solving and experience developing and implementing innovative solutions. core strengths seasoned in conflict resolution telephone inquiries specialist active listening skills system checks and troubleshooting resourceful pc expert windows xp/vista service solutions expert exceptional telephone etiquette patient and diligent vast technical knowledge deadline-oriented accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. work experience consultant 07/2013 to 08/2015 accounting skills operated computers programmed with accounting software to record store and analyze information. formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis budgeting and forecasting when ordering products. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. product sales cross-sold services at a rate of 30 upgrading customers to different
__label__FINANCE vice president corporate finance vice president corporate finance summary accomplished healthcare finance executive with a demonstrated ability to deliver mission-critical results in complex and rapidly changing environments. skills balance sheet risk management contract negotiations treasury management technical us gaap accounting proficient board communications multi-disciplinary team lead experience vice president corporate finance 10/2015 to current responsible for various consolidated corporate departments which provided accounts payable accounting financial reporting non-patient billing payroll tax and treasury services to the health system and its components including acute-care hospitals a post-acute care facility the faculty physician group multiple benefit plans and various for-profit and not-for-profit joint ventures. served as staff of the audit and compliance committee of the board responsible for the governance of the committee served as the staff for the investment committee of the board responsible for the governance of the committee managed the external audit of the consolidated financial statements of the organization its components and its employee benefit plans managed the tax structure tax compliance filings monitoring of tax exempt status and compliance with irc 501r requirements for hospitals led and created offering statements for multiple tax exempt bond financings achieving over 15 million in economics savings on refinancing of existing debt led 41 million
__label__SALES sales representative professional summary sales representative professional summary hardworking server who thrives under pressure and goes above and beyond to create unforgettable guest experiences. 1 year experience serving up to 100 dinner guests at an upscale kickback jacks restaurant. customer- oriented server with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. food and beverage expert. recently licensed in preparation and sale of alcoholic beverages bar procedures and liquor laws. focused server successful at multi- tasking and delivering prompt and friendly service to all customers. maintains a positive attitude and a great sense of humor during peak hours. server who brings a strong work ethic interpersonal skills and customer service expertise. fluent in english only. experience sales representative 0-1/2017 to current cold-called prospective customers to build relationship. greeted store customers promptly and responded to questions with knowledgeable service. completed documentation for product and service sales. filled out expense reports for accounting. maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up after sales. generated high volume of referrals. updated database with customer and sales information. kept showroom professional and neat at all times. delivered products to customers in timely manner. established new customer accounts. informed management of special sales and service issues. evaluated competitors and performed market research. achieved
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager summary versatile engineering manager summary versatile bilingual electronics and instrumentation engineer with multi industry experience of + 9 years demonstrated ability to lead an engineering team and handle multiple projects from conceptualization through fabrication with high accuracy and in a timely manner. highlights fluent in spanish strong decision maker work well under pressure initiative to work independently eit license in process autocad and sap user python and labview training asme and osha training experience 05/2014 to 07/2016 engineering manager lead and assigned the activities of the product engineering multidisciplinary team consisting in 5 people during the epc project of gas treatment plant cardon iv and other projects. reviewed third party design drawings and mtos. tracked all material to be sent to venezuela for cardon iv. served as project manager during proposal and beginning of fabrication of skid mounted pressure vessels for parnaiba brazil supported other departments with estimation of materials for proposals and creation/codification of a material database in sap. reviewed and approved p ids isometrics fabrication drawings and other engineering documents to be used by in-house manufacturing shop. technical support for the manufacturing shop. implemented department procedures and forms. evaluated performance of supervisees at the end of year and keep track
__label__APPAREL assistant store manager core assistant store manager core strengths visual retail experience in fashion and design experience in store remodel store reopening store transition stamina to engage in frequent lifting ability to interpret a variety of diagrams microsoft office ms word ms powerpoint ms excel ms publisher ms outlook adobe photoshop karat cad easy weave easy knit color reduce and clean fashion illustration flat pattern design work experience 10/2010 to current assistant store manager coached team to increase sales to a 2.4 growth over last year. analyzed sales daily to develop daily goals for the store and associates. prepared monthly scorecard for tm visit resulting in a average score of 95. focused on bailey s mission to be the friendliest store in the mall increasing store s conversion 25 over last year to 26.6 for the year. created training to bring awareness of additional categories. lived the core values set by the bailey s. 10/2010 to 10/2013 assistant store manager drives for positive results through effective coaching and reacting to the needs of the business. builds and develops high performing teams by setting challenging goals and holding associates accountable. consistently maintains and grow a personal base through the use of client books. implements the
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS director executive profile a director executive profile a spirited and motivated leader able to handle multiple projects simultaneously. able to mentor diverse competitive managers into a mutually supportive team. long-standing record of creating marketing and communication plans successful events major website roll outs and upgrades facility management and office supervision. skills communications editor event planning special events director fundraising graphics brochures catalogs marketing marketing plans materials mentoring newsletters presentations processes public relations recruitment strategic plans supervision website annual reports professional experience director 06/2012 to current manages all the daily operations public relations and marketing efforts of the kc metro center. responsible for developing marketing plan and materials to recruit students by working with the director of continuing studies and the marketing committee manages the kansas metro center facility and supervises all clerical and part time positions coordinates with faculty and departments that provide courses at the center works with local community colleges to create articulation agreements and plan other events works independently to recruit students to attend the metro center by making contact with business and industry working with area community colleges school districts chamber of commerce and other organizations assisting other programs and departments to support recruitment and alumni efforts in the greater
__label__FINANCE finance director experience finance finance director experience finance director 04/2014 to current merck global capital investment planning reporting. responsible for the forecasting planning and reporting of merck capital investments 2014 budget 1.7b in support of all divisional areas. harmonize and streamline capital project tracking and approval procedures. led a total team of 12 professionals having both finance and engineering backgrounds. finance director 01/2013 to 03/2014 americas merck consumer care mfg operations responsible for the development of budgets forecasts long range plans inventory capital reporting for all manufacturing plants in north america gross spend of 1b and for my first 3 months latin america oversaw a 14 budget that delivered 10 labor overhead standard cost productivity developed a clear highly collaborative budget cogs review process with mcc finance to ensure transparency and integrity in the mcc-specific productivity handoff. led a total team of 18 professionals spanning the us puerto rico and canada. associate finance director 04/2011 to 12/2012 biologics product lifecycle sourcing / bmsc oversaw the development of the annual budget quarterly forecasts total consolidated budget 165m for the biologics commercialization area which focuses on bringing product mfg processes from the lab scale to commercial production scale analyze financial variances performance trends and communicate issues
__label__FINANCE avp finance summary accounting avp finance summary accounting professional with extensive experience financial and managerial accounting practices and procedures. detail oriented with strong organizational skills diligent and hardworking with proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize efficiently while meeting deadlines. ability to identify problems and recommend feasible solutions. highlights accounting software -jd edwards quick books and great plains microsoft excel account reconciliations budget analysis analytical reasoning general and tax accounting auditing methodology journal entries general ledge strong administrative and organizational skills reporting and documentation planning and scheduling corporate governance risk ethics effective time management and communication skills public and private accounting accomplishments conducted detailed technical and analytical review of cost and proposed measures to trim costs related to outsourcing work and other major projects. this initiative resulted in a significant cost reduction. established policies and procedures for a division who was not in compliance with the firms goals. experience avp finance 02/2015 to current managed accounting operations accounting close account reporting and reconciliations for research sales trading division provided reliable and timely project by project expense capitalization amortization for our market research healthcare division. reviewed accountant s book entries to ensure accuracy of the g/l. prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts including
__label__DESIGNER senior interior designer highlights senior interior designer highlights microsoft office suite apple iwork suite autodesk autocad architecture 2015 buzzsaw revit adobe creative suite acrobat pro illustrator indesign and photoshop gopro studio studio webware web-based interior decorating project management software wecora web-based presentation boards bill quick google sketch- up. accomplishments 5k sf high-end interior fit-out alterra group limited harbor point ltd. max capital group ltd. interior alterations and fit-outs ...continued.. v ictoria s tevenson page 2 cubellis ecoplan architects interiors engineers greater new york lead interior designer 6/1996 to 10/2006 a firm offering full-service architecture interior design and engineering services. key player in integrating business and processes bought about by a merger with a large interdisciplinary design firm. received industry recognition for client assistance with innovative commercial and residential projects including banks luxury auto dealerships recreational/fitness facilities universities restaurants municipal buildings and residential condominium complexes. served as a founding member of the green design committee tasked with raising employee awareness of the latest sustainable building practices to infuse projects with seamless cost-effective incorporation of green practices in client designs. successful in generating 100 of attained business through word-of-mouth and a reputation for superior results-driven service featured as case study in a leading industry publication. selected
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT international business development summary international business development summary results-oriented international sales and customer service professional with diverse background in management international sales marketing logistics and customer service. dedicated to providing excellent customer service and making operational and procedural improvements. highlights professional ethics negotiation skills staff training and development project management territory forecasting work flow analysis product development international sales and foreign trade food and beverage industry experience experience international business development 11/2013 current contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs. identified issues with existing marketing material to drive process improvements. identified coordinated and participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings. answered customer questions regarding products prices and availability. successfully prepared product and packaging for export readiness. international sales and customer service manager 03/2007 10/2013 successfully managed international customer service department by developing and maintaining excellent service to customers establish and monitor procedures and service standards for export clearance. built excellent relationships with high net worth clients consistently maintaining near 100 retention. optimized supply chain solutions to meet the requirements of the international business plan including evaluation of all modes of transportation inventory time to market landed costs and customer requirements. managed all legal regulatory and shipping requirements
__label__HEALTHCARE hospital physician billing specialist hospital physician billing specialist professional summary highly-organized professional who excels at assisting healthcare providers with billing management coding support. well-rounded team player with a strong track record of working in collaborative environments and driving bottom line growth through reducing outstanding receivables. excellent communicator and freelance healthcare marketing consultant who excels at establishing a rapport with clients from diverse backgrounds. problem solver who exercises critical thinking and performs work ahead of schedule. seeks to transition into a management role with a physician s office that will utilize the talents/skills of an experienced medical billing specialist and aspiring office manager. licenses skill highlights collections receivables patient advocacy icd-9 icd-10 standards medical billing coding administrative support electronic medical records insurance verification marketing design hippa compliance facs athena centricity medical manager meditech medisoft trucode nuemd microsoft office suite word excel access outlook powerpoint quickbooks knowledge of hmos medicare and medi-cal medical manager software managed care contract knowledge electronic medical record emr software icd-9 coding trained in asc coding cpt and hcpcs coding internal medicine billing hhm and medisoft billing systems hipaa compliance medical billing software strong planning skills technical expertise patient-focused care strong work ethic team player with positive attitude deadline-driven good written communication
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS transfer recruiter/admissions counselor career transfer recruiter/admissions counselor career overview committed and motivated administrative assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative.executive administration develop result oriented procedures operation management national talent consultant organizational consulting performance expansion strategic business marketing/planning roi profit optimization office competencies microsoft office suite programs email protocol desktop publishing internet usage office management create procedures handbooks rainbow push coalition national action network united institution baptist church philathea ministry central union missionary i have been able to observe cheryl in a variety of settings including seeing how well she operates a fluent and successful office. george curry keynote speaker/media coach ms. porter is one of the most effective executive administrators i ve ever worked with. she is masterful at scheduling adept at juggling and possesses excellent people skills. dr. julianne malveaux president emeriti-bennett college ms. porter is a resourceful creative and solution-oriented person. she functions well as a team leader. -murray dewalt security chief rev. jesse l. jackson executive administration and operations manager professional experience transfer recruiter/admissions counselor 01/2014 to 06/2015 a private historically black liberal arts college for women. recruiting of transfer and non- traditional students. creation of transfer guide and official transfer
__label__CONSTRUCTION facilities construction manager summary facilities construction manager summary highly motivated professional responsible for managing overall construction projects and building maintenance. extensive commercial construction experience from initial concept design and throughout construction. responsible for handling organizational functions and building sustainability and environmental considerations. outstanding interpersonal skills communication negotiation and extensive experience interacting with all levels of construction professionals. direct correspondence with military officers upper government management architectural and engineering firms throughout nebraska general contractors and subcontractors on all size of projects from multi-million dollar facilities to roof repairs. provide strategic planning and implementation of construction. responsive to challenges dealing with emergency situations and problems that arise on any construction site. admired for the ability to make any task an opportunity to showcase the team involved. analytical thinker with attention to detail and high expectations which are of the utmost importance to provide a quality product to any customer. experience facilities construction manager january 2005 to current solely responsible for capital construction project management up to 35 million including the new military headquarters building in lincoln ne. manage architects engineers general contractors and subcontractors. responsible for following army regulations and guidelines in building design. ultimately responsible for all inspections of buildings supporting and federal military operations.
__label__CHEF line chef/expediter summary chef line chef/expediter summary chef with 12 years of experience cooking in high pace restaurant environments. prior work as prep cook line chef and sous chef. energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. highlights focused and disciplined high volume production capability well-tuned palette focus on portion and cost control inventory management familiarity bilingual english/ other language experience line chef/expediter 04/2013 to current led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce meat fish poultry dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room walk-in refrigerator freezer or cooler. changed and sanitized all cutting boards benches and surfaces when beginning a new task to avoid cross-contamination. regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes portioning cooking and waste control guidelines. kitchen manager 09/2012 to 03/2013 maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching counseling and disciplining employees. instructed new staff in proper
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant professional summary senior accountant professional summary detail-oriented accountant with 11 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations. skills strong communication skills erp enterprise resource planning software certified public accountant cpa quickbooks expert superior attention to detail account reconciliation specialist ms office suite budget analysis self-motivated professional advanced bookkeeping skills sap expertise ms office suite work history senior accountant 06/2011 to current management of high level accounts including 280 endowment records totaling 85+ million and a private golf club account. oversight includes general ledger account activity gift agreements schedules reconciliation wire transfers journal entries and the ongoing accurate analysis of all financial activity. record monthly investment activity including purchases sales interest dividends fees as well as realized gains/losses and unrealized gains/losses. submit clear and concise monthly revenue and expense reports to a partnered government entity broward county library ensuring that information are precise and complete. assist with annual year-end audit interfacing with auditors and providing documentation/explanation as needed. preparation of audited financial statements for broward county library including footnote preparation. review and reconcile nsu museum of arts monthly financial statement for senior management review. record verify and reconcile weekly deposits for a parking garage revenue account. reconcile a cash advance
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY amc computer specialist and amc computer specialist and intern summary information technology specialist with twenty nine years of experience launching environments focused on telecommunications concepts principles methods practices and solutions. savvy compassionate impact oriented performer with attention to detail technological know-how and lifecycle project planning expertise. successfully manages accounts while analyzing technical requirements to ensure client and customer satisfaction and enterprise integrity. consistently develops innovative and workable solutions to unique customer requirements. an effective it manager with a proven track record for building highly productive teams with healthy morale. promotes security awareness ensuring sound security principles are implemented. highlights strong interpersonal skills exceptional listening and perception skills excels in writing information technology sme timely efficient test and evaluation expertise leadership management project management conflict resolution cobol programming ada programming procurement clerk bpa s acquisition experience cor formal briefings accomplishments i provide spiritual support within my organization on a daily basis. i serve as branch chief and division chief whenever i am appointed. i initiate and facilitate impromptu meetings with the technology team to share pertinent information or to solve workplace issues. i am a mentor and sponsor of atec hq s customer support intern and summer hire. i represent atec in many command sponsored
__label__CONSTRUCTION ap maintenance homeconstruction summary ap maintenance homeconstruction summary hardworking maintenance/handy man brings over 5+ years of experience in maintenance industry to worksite. resourceful experience handling materials operating machinery and supporting overall team and project needs. in-depth knowledge of compliance mandates governing site and worker safety. singularly focused on helping crews complete skilled work under deadlines. skills forklift driving codes compliance standard operating procedures understanding basic welding skills power and hand tool use understanding schematics mechanical repair troubleshooting strength hand tool operations organizational ability maintenance scheduling mechanical aptitude system installations equipment maintenance safety-oriented mindset materials handling equipment repair construction trade expertise flooring installation framing construction carpentry coordination multitasking maintenance repair training development friendly positive attitude people skills flexible basic math conflict resolution experience maintenance home construction 08/2020 - current diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities. performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline. changed hvac filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on hvac systems. maintained facility interior including shampooing carpets washing walls waxing and stripping floors and dusting furniture and fixtures. used electrical drawings to troubleshoot and repair electro-mechanical and other systems. framed new construction of single-family homes and townhomes.
__label__ADVOCATE family and community advocate family and community advocate professional summary affiliations creative problem solver computer literate experience in domestic violence advocacy conflict resolution trauma counseling community referrals excellent communication organizational and information gathering skills effective multicultural communication interaction skills ability to provide crisis services including suicide prevention expertise in counseling including in-home group facilitation expertise in developing implementing monitoring different projects and/or assignments knowledge of techniques used for both mental health substance abuse services/cognitive behaviorist skills self-motivated team leadership strong verbal communication powerful negotiator conflict resolution extremely organized client assessment and analysis work history 03/2015 to 09/2017 family and community advocate completion of or update of applications leading to financial assistance toward home heating or cooling bills as well as assistance towards rent or mortgage payments to at-risk low income elderly and disabled households. referrals to community resources as needed. completion of applications for home weatherization program and agency head start facilities. compiled and monitored case files. coordinator of vita tax program. community outreach 4x s yearly. utilized technology solutions for data entry. community outreach resulted in 15 increase in financial assistance. 01/2009 to 01/2011 substance abuse counselor completed psychosocial assessments and treatment plans to determine the eligibility and provisional needs of persons suffering
__label__HEALTHCARE rachael lobdell summary . rachael lobdell summary . compassionate senior outreach advocate with 13 + years of experience working in public and private agencies to upgrade health and dignity within vulnerable populations. creativeand adaptable leader dedicated to doing whatever necessary to meet client needs including customizing established programs. self-motivated and deeply engaged with client and supporter communities. skills confidential data protection data entry scheduling clients for evaluations for managed long term care intake and submission of medicaid applications for clients intake and submission of pool trust for long term care clients excellent communication skills excellent typing skills catering and party planning activity planning 20 years experience working with seniors and disabled and advocating for there needs client interaction reliable and trustworthy patient interviewing skills telephone etiquette application assessment friendly positive attitude decision-making team management recordkeeping and data input program understanding and advisement data management online research data collection experience healthcare senior outreach specialist 04/2014 to current traveled throughout service area to educate community met with people interested in receiving services and represented agency before wide range of professional constituencies. counseled prospective applicants on admissions process and opportunities by explaining documentation and timeframes. promoted integration of services for clients including behavioral health care and long
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant i summary flexible accountant i summary flexible a ccountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. highlights strong communication skills effective time management analytical reasoning detail-oriented account reconciliations customer-oriented flexible team player superior research skills experience accountant i 08/2014 to current set up new jobs and new hires in the profitool accounting software. prepare weekly invoices and perform research to resolve billing/payroll issues. collect on aged receivables and report to management on a monthly basis. perform reconciliation of accounts and make necessary entries and adjustments. perform accounting analysis and conduct special accounting related projects at management s request. examine accounting documents to verify completeness and conformance with specific accounting requirements. trace and reconcile records of financial transactions. check accounting transactions to ensure proper support documentation. staff accountant/general accounting supervisor 03/2011 to 08/2014 assisted billing department staff with error resolution and direction on new issues. resolved pricing quantity and sales or fuels tax errors on invoices for customers. responsible for all accounting aspects of the arguindegui oil ii aoc . reconciled purchases clearing and outstanding bill of lading report with accounts payable and tied to the general ledger monthly. assisted with and helped coordinate month-end ledger process. performed monthly closing of
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS budget analyst/research administrator core budget analyst/research administrator core qualifications additional skills proficient in microsoft office 2010 and 2013 including excel powerpoint word access outlook sharepoint 2010 and 2013 business intelligence systems knowledge of federal acquisition regulations far and cost accounting standards cas outstanding verbal and written communication skills highly analytical critical thinking and problem solving skills goal oriented ability to work in teams flexible work hours ability to travel accomplishments toyota research institute of north america - employee of the year tarrant county college - dean s list for 3 semesters outstanding verbal and written communication skills dyncorp international - two spot awards for project performance experience january 2009 to current proficient in development of cost schedules and estimates responsible for schedule management and baseline changes develop basis of estimates boe for all cost types on new work accountable for analyzing historical data and applying analytic techniques to forecast overall resources required create far compliant project estimates for change orders for logcap iv in afghanistan kuwait and udairi task orders analyze incurred cost data for revised estimates for usg negotiations participate in negotiations with usg evaluate prepare and provide responses on rfis for proposals and estimates ability to prepare estimate documentation packages for usg
__label__AVIATION graduate engineer summary intellectually graduate engineer summary intellectually curious and resourceful great interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively at all levels within an organization experience 03/2014 to current graduate engineer developed conceptual plans for two intersections near jersey shore university medical center based on traffic data geometric constraints and roadway design standards. employed knowledge of microstation inroads excel and vba to efficiently complete miscellaneous tasks including producing reports creating visual displays and generating automated text descriptions. applied vehicle turning software autoturn to analyze intersection design and geometric layout on various projects. member of the highway design team on i-295 direct connection contract 3 project developed grading on complex pavement widening sections revised vertical and horizontal alignments to meet njdot standards modeled highway sections using cad microstation and design software inroads and generated plan cross sections. coordinated quantity effort across multiple disciplines highway electrical drainage utilities on i-295 direct connection contract 3 used in-house excel vba program to collect and organize quantity data and devised additional vba macros to optimize the initial setup and printing of quantity calculation sheets. designed horizontal and vertical alignments superelevation constraints and guide rail for i-280 ramp 2p bridge deck replacement project. worked on multiple roadway resurfacing and maintenance
__label__AVIATION force analyst summary profile force analyst summary profile honorably discharged navy first class aviation specialist transitioning from the us navy to civilian professional with previous experience in criminal justice-- highly motivated to leverage ten years of combined experience and education and achievements to a long-term service. homeland security professional who prides in the well-being of all citizens and executes each task with precision and detail. highlights cpr and child cpr training emergency planning response sar/sexual assault awareness windows expertise report/operations analyst public safety and security background in supervising/management critical thinking firearms safety handling judgment and decision making personnel and human resources active listening experience force analyst may 2013 to current developed and led training programs in preparation for combat. served as custodian of classified documents for high-ranking officials while sorting and routing incoming correspondence and messages. maintained 100 accountability of all assigned equipment worth more than 120 000 while tracking personnel and supplies within the command. communicated urgent orders and directions effectively to team of 20+ personnel. prepared reports and correspondence determine requirements for requisition and control issue of change kits requisition departmental instructions forms and technical data organize maintain and operate technical libraries perform others duties as required when attached to organization intermediate
__label__FINANCE phd candidate in finance phd candidate in finance summary self driven and highly motivated with several years of experience in quantitative research including quantitative modeling econometric analysis statistical analysis model development large data analysis. my work both in finance and engineering has been based on the development application and testing of quantitative models. excellent analytical/critical thinking and problem solving skills. strong written and oral communication. highlights proficient in r sas sql c++ fortran vba advanced modeling skills project management experience critical thinking skills complex problem solving skills superior research skills excellent written and oral communication self-motivated professional experience phd candidate in finance 08/2010 to current conduct research in finance specifically asset pricing and econometric modeling. current work includes 1 do tax revenues reduce agency costs and increase hospital efficiency empirical evidence from washington - conducted using maximum entropy econometrics 2 return distributions under garch process with sentiment measures 3 market sentiment and its effects on stock returns 4 a state-space model for investor sentiment and 5 herding in option pricing models a space approach. visiting instructor in finance 09/2013 to 08/2014 taught mba and undergraduate classes in investments financial markets and institutions bank financial management introduction to financial management visiting asst. professor in finance
__label__CONSTRUCTION laboer floor construction worker laboer floor construction worker all a round experience laboer floor construction worker all a round 06/2015 to 11/2016 cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry. extensively trained in plumbing carpentry painting plastering machine servicing and installation. built and disassembled scaffolds bracing and barricades. teacher speacial skill development coach 02/2015 to 12/2016 attended workshops on learning goals classroom management student motivation and engaging learning activities. determined the training needs of each student through academic assessments. clearly communicated objectives for all lessons units and projects to students. developed partnerships with industry and secondary education institutions. promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons. encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others. physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.also i m a fast learner strong fit in shape young man easy going great spirit who loves to work an uplifting problem solving task accomplishing at work ahead of time
__label__BANKING management consultant skills microsoft management consultant skills microsoft office suite factset ipreo experience 07/2013 to 12/2014 management consultant utilized management abilities and knowledge of coding to oversee a team of 10 software engineers tasked with designing a back office database for a multi-billion dollar client managed cross-functional teams in a high demand environment to complete a global strategy project under strenuous deadlines drafted proposals for client engagements highlighting the expectations of service engagement pricing and associated costs evaluated ccar vendor models and developed proprietary probability of default models for a multi-billion dollar mortgage portfolio created valuation models designed to value both public and private equity for tax reporting purposes. 11/2010 to 02/2011 investment banking analyst assisted lead associate and vice president in facilitating merger and acquisition transactions in the life science industry by reviewing and analyzing pro forma financial statements and updating models accordingly created processes around the sales cycle to monitor and improve sales performance while keeping a more precise account of prior prospecting efforts maintained the crm system and streamlined its use through extensive voluntary training making the team more efficient and impactful. 11/2008 to 11/2010 financial advisor evaluated the financial plans of current and prospective clients and provided recommendations that would
__label__CHEF chef career focus i chef career focus i am a nursing student who has recently obtained my cna license in this state. i worked as a gna in the uk and it has been a passion ever since. i am confident that i would make a wonderful candidate for this position. from he beginning of taking my prerequisite classes for nursing school. i have ebb driven yet still personable. my record shows me to muti-task oriented. i have the experience of always having with and caring deeply for people. while my grades have always been exceptional my clinical experience was accomplished. i do not want to sound arrogant - i am truly confident that with my strong work ethic an willingness to learn i would surely be an asset to the st.joseph s medical team. i think you for your time. summary of skills understands mobility assistance needs charting expertise understands medical procedures trained in grooming and bathing assistance general housekeeping ability trained in catheter change and preparation calm and level-headed under duress quick problem solver valid driver s license reliable transportation medical terminology knowledge experience march 2007 to december 2008 chef extensive knowledge of all aspects of the food industry as well as
__label__ARTS english language arts teacher english language arts teacher summary i am passionate about teaching and caring for students holistically. i believe it is crucial for students to develop critical thinking skills as they develop their sense of self and their worldview. i prioritize teacher collaboration to develop a community among educators and to develop best practices. i pursue professional development opportunities to better serve all of my students with an emphasis on equity differentiation and inquiry-based learning. i have recently completed my national board certification pending results in january of 2019. skills educational leadership classroom management variety of teaching strategies multimedia teaching and learning inquiry-based learning education 10/2013 to 06/2017 english language arts teacher i have worked at lakes high school in the clover park school district for the past five years. in my time at lakes i have taught 9th grade 11th grade and 12th grade english as well as ap literature and ap language. due to some teacher turnover and the adapting needs of the english department i have had the opportunity to build my experience across grade levels and develop curriculum after curriculum to suit the needs of students at various ages. as a result i believe one of my greatest
__label__DESIGNER web designer/graphic designer summary web designer/graphic designer summary to obtain a dynamic challenging opportunity that contributes to the success of the business via eight years proposal coordination experience and 15 years experience in graphic layout and design. make a strong contribution by utilizing and expanding upon work experiences and capabilities related education oral written and interpersonal skills. positively impact the quality of work acquisition of new business and client retention goals. highlights proficient in dreamweaver photoshop quarkxpress indesign microsoft word and powerpoint foundational skills in illustrator and microsoft excel copyediting proofreading html and css editing in depth knowledge of business development and proposal response and coordination process experience 01/2010 web designer/graphic designer manufacturer of expansion joints and hose manage front-end web site design to project a visually appealing image of products and value added services. manage all assigned projects from conceptualization to implementation. coordinating and communicating with stakeholders in all stages of work to achieve desired message and impact. update existing site content through collaboration with subject matter experts to ensure industry relevancy and accuracy. develop and redesign catalogs periodic internal publications industry advertisements and sell sheets in a manner that will project a sophisticated image and result in additional sales revenue for the
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate summary customer patient advocate summary customer service professional dedicated to effective team management and customer satisfaction bringing extensive call center experience in inbound outbound and blended environments. strength in training and development client relations and problem solving. exceptional customer care professional who addresses inquiries and resolves problems as they arise. skills customer service expert customer-focused strong organizational skills skilled multi-tasked creative problem solver deadline-oriented active listening skills scheduling quick learner bilingual training development aptitude dentrix/open dental training credit card processing experience patient advocate may 2015 to jun 2017 maintained accurate records of patient care condition progress and concerns. observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager. managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex fast-paced and challenging call center environment. set up patient appointments for all locations. kept record of conversation on each individual file. meet certain appointment goals daily and monthly. answered basic questions regarding insurance past and future treatments. inbound calls outbound calls. insurance agent dec 2014 to may 2015 closed an average of 10 new sales per week. calculated premiums and established payment methods for sales. interviewed prospective clients to learn about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage. processed applications
__label__CHEF personal/ private chef professional personal/ private chef professional summary executive chef with more than 29 years of expertise at the forefront of restaurant operations and menu development i bring an innovative approach to restaurant s catered events and hospitality services one that focuses on cost-effectiveness in food and labor with quality to deliver impactful and exceptional cuisine. my background includes mexican italian japanese american and fusion of all those cuisines with broad experience in line management staffing new restaurant development and menu planning. fine dining scratch kitchens catering onsite and offsite 100-20000 people at any given time retail food outlets concessions and qsr s skills kitchen design workflows operations management product costing / cost control innovative menu development team building leadership quality customer service new restaurant openings 7 revenue growth / p l performance management imenupro aloha microsoft office suite solomon quest eteac eventmaster caterease food plating and presentation forecasting and planning kitchen equipment operation and maintenance operations management business process negotiation unique com operations management ca optimization cooking performance management cost control personnel clients processes client purchasing customer service quality dc quality control direction quality management english quest financial management reception focus recruitment greek research italian retail kronos sales team building scheduling recipes
__label__ADVOCATE patient advocate summary highly patient advocate summary highly driven organized and motivated patient advocate with over 7 years of experience in the healthcare field and customer relations. skilled in providing compassionate efficient patient care with a background in clinical settings. experience in leading a team new hire training billing claims and records management. experience 01/2016 to current patient advocate served as liaison between the patient and hospital to coordinate patient care. provided patient and staff support to better facilitate communication. referred clients to social service agencies such as home health and hospice. worked on call for any emergent patient needs. provided off-site visits at local hospitals to offer emotional support. established patient and provider boundaries to ensure appropriate behavior. 05/2015 to 12/2015 claims eligibility and benefits specialist iii identified and resolved discrepancies with patient eligibility/insurance coverage. assisted in maintaining and developing procedure manuals. trained new hires in eligibility and benefit and claims processes. aided in development of strategies for revenue cycle initiatives. managed updated and executed claims processing as well as assisted team members in adjudicating claims. developed streamlined methods of standard operating procedures. worked with patients to obtain summary plan descriptions and ensure proper and timely claim adjudication. 05/2013 to 05/2015 certified data
__label__SALES z sales consultant summary z sales consultant summary highly motivated competitive sales consultant seeking opportunity with long-term growth potential through integrity sales success building relationships and developing the business performance skills account penetration adaptability identify and create new business opportunities brain lab navigation experience demonstrating products product launch account relationships confident clinical expertise snap shot sales consultant / jun 2013 to current cultivate relationships with surgeons while covering procedures with clinical proficiency and business acumen. build and implement sales plan manage and track customer sales activity and prospective customer initiatives. team increased territory sales 12.5 to 3.8 million in 2014 5 to 4 million in 2015 and 10 to in 2016. increase physician volume through pcp events community outreach programs and marketing strategies. serve as a primary resource to key accounts for full line product support and continued service. ability to troubleshoot complex issues with highly creative solutions. maintain training in sales skills new technologies product features and competitive product portfolios. develop relationships with hospital personnel and key account stakeholders to expedite sales. demos and lab training to demonstrate products and surgical techniques. office intern / oct 2012 to may 2013 compiled sales data generated sales reports for territory managers and profiled prospective surgeons.
__label__SALES sales summary when thinking sales summary when thinking of the timeline of my career numerous bullet points come to mind. whether it be a skill or achievement that i can bring to the table there is one common denominator that all of these personal traits fall under teamwork. regardless of what job i may have had in the past whether it be music education recruiting or sales understanding that i am existing within/leading a team allows me to clearly understand the task at hand. communication is the number one element to a successful team. a prolonged lack of communication can manifest itself into a negative environment and it has been my number one priority to make sure everyone involved is on the same page. highlights 6+ years of b2b sales experience. ms office proficiency team building expert proven sales track record detail-oriented sales management sales purchasing quotations accounts receivable customer service cad experience accomplishments handled the highest volume account for current employer developed profitable sales strategy with new product for longtime customer project management supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to standards on time and within budget constraints. experience sales 01/2007 to 02/2016 initially hired as warehouse manager. oversaw receiving inventory
__label__HR designation hr assistant professional designation hr assistant professional summary human resources coordination and management professional offering a strong background in employee training and development new hire orientations and employee relations.a committed hr professional with around 3.5 years of qualitative experience in hrd/administration including recruitment selection performance management system mis hris employee master training development and hr iso documentation. core qualifications new employee orientations maintains confidentiality human resources audits hrms hr policies and procedures expertise staff training and development ms word ms excel and ms power point. experience designation hr assistant mar 2008 to jun 2010 recruitment sourcing and short listing resumes from job portals jobs postings and internal data bank based on recruitment specifications and needs given. sending the screened profiles to the indenter obtain the shortlisted profiles from indenter and coordinate the interviews. preliminary screening of candidates at junior and middle level. preparing and issuing offer letters to selected candidates. on boarding process and induction programme for the new joinees. completing joining formalities and preparing appointment letter and salary break up. performance management system assisted in design and development of performance appraisal forms and setting up of new appraisal system. assisted in indentifying and designing the competency framework. assisted in conducting of pms
__label__AVIATION director of aviation and director of aviation and safety skill highlights project management leadership/communication skills employee relations self-motivated risk management labor-management skills budget management professional experience director of aviation and safety july 2013 to current duties accomplishments and related skills i serve as the director of aviation and safety for the montana army national guard. i am the principal advisor to the adjutant general for all army aviation activity. my duties include budget development and execution training development safety management and accident investigations ground and air logistical management and aircraft maintenance management. tunity eeo logistics accountability and environmental law. i serve as a management representative on the labor relations board. i develop training relationships with federal tribal and local agencies so as to better respond to natural and man made disasters. us army officer june 1985 to january 1993 us army aviation officer duties accomplishments and related skills while on active duty i performed a variety of duties to include rotary wing instructor pilot assistant operations officer section leader platoon leader executive officer and detachment commander. i served in a general aviation and an aviation training while stationed at ft rucker al. i served as a unit commander and a fixed wing pilot in
__label__AVIATION aviation fuel quality control aviation fuel quality control specialist professional summary a dynamic results-oriented and highly talented in process technology and engineering with couple of years experience who has consistently received high ratings for technical and chemical expertise. expertise in a wide range of manufacturing processes and manufacturing control systems. demonstrated success in developing implementing and managing new processes to improve quality and productivity. skills include process troubleshooting and maintenance of equipment/instrumentation. experienced in quality control statistical process controls lean six-sigma route cause analysis sample chemical analysis safety awareness as a fast paced learner and consistent team player. well organized innovative and reliable who is able to work in any setting that requires a technical and a professional attitude. proven ability in operating equipment instrumentation systems and operations in a safe manner. core qualifications microsoft office word excel powerpoint outlook experience june 2010 to current aviation fuel quality control specialist regularly inspects equipments valves strainers pipes filters and hoses for any leakage or abnormality. proven ability to leverage engineering skill-set by applying math science and engineering knowledge to provide a disciplined approach to problem solving. known as a resourceful and innovative personality. routinely performs icing inhibitor additive prist percentage concentration test using refractometer. uses
__label__ENGINEERING industrial engineering intern profile industrial engineering intern profile outstanding productivity as high potential project supervisor and design engineer. solid analytic and communication skills to resolve complex problems quickly and efficiently. dynamic team leader with front-line experience in motivating team workers towards achieving specific goals. hands-on experience in data analysis discrete event simulations manufacturing processes process improvement machine shop practices welding and fabrication and quality control. exceptional project management skills utilizing customer commitment team work communication planning and organization to achieve excellence. skills c# asp.net visual basic ms visual studio ms office suite word excel project powerpoint access outlook visio simulations using witness13 and simio erp-sap sas-stat autocad accomplishments liaised with group to modify and improve overall product performance. eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments. prepared plans and layouts for equipment or system arrangements and space allocation. prepared sheet metal fabrication drawings modifications and commercial specification drawings in compliance with industry standards. met with customers to help design custom entertainment centers china cabinets mantels and kitchen cabinets for residential homes. supervised and directed over 25 employees on electronics designs that resulted in production yield improvement which later translated into 200k in revenue. supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to standards
__label__FINANCE corporate director of finance corporate director of finance summary profit-focused director of finance an expert in cost reduction forecasting and budgeting. highly effective at encouraging outstanding performance from team members and colleagues. skills budgeting and financial management superior time management lean implementation exceptionally organized advanced financial analysis ms excel expert experience corporate director of finance april 2014 to current manage yearly budget process for great wolf resorts. oversee quarterly production of board book which is distributed to executive committee and owners. analyze budgets financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing. proposed and achieved cost savings by reducing labor and operating expenses. train and develop a group of analysts. assumed ownership of forecasting and strategic planning. developed annual budgets in collaboration with eleven properties and executive teams. identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts by interpreting financial results. managed an annual budget that grew 22.9 in 2 years. forecast operating costs for projects by strategizing with vp of finance regional vice presidents and chief operating officer. hold two monthly calls with property director teams and regional vice president to review 30-60-90 day forecast and review previous month s p l. managing team implementing a new budget and forecasting system. senior
__label__CONSTRUCTION carpenter summary carpenter foreman carpenter summary carpenter foreman position where i can effectively utilize my expertise and skills. highlights thorough knowledge of safety practices and occupational hazards related to construction work. solid understanding of supervising planning delegating and performing tasks remarkable ability to comprehend blueprints drawings and sketches certified rigger and signal person proficient with welding and cutting experienced equipment operator skid steer front end loader forklift aerial lift excavator crane roller bidwell possess knowledge and ability to use the following forming systems aluminum gang form simons efco wood forms meva professional references experience 10/2015 to current carpenter follow safety rules at all times. housekeeping finish concrete to grade and straight edged. treat equipment with care and keep tools clean. erect scaffolding and ladders for assembling structures above ground level. hang ledgers overhang brackets and decking with plywood and steel. form slabs columns and walls for concrete pours. make sure all parts of structures are plumb and square and true. work with metric feet and hundredths measurements. read and understand plans and specifications. 08/2015 to 10/2015 foreman complete required or regulatory documents such as dra jha weekly job site inspection sheet time sheets etc. supervise mentor and coach craft personnel direct work of assigned
__label__HR hr generalist professional summary hr generalist professional summary dependable and responsible human resources generalist with over fourteen years experience in a fast-paced environment. solid team player with great positive attitude and exceptional people skills. experience in many areas of hr including benefits compensation employee relations recruiting payroll and processing of new hires and terminations. strong customer service and detail oriented. core qualifications conflict resolution creative problem solver able to adapt and implement change excellent communication skills quick learner strong word excel powerpoint training and development accomplishments adp benefits coaching excellent communication conflict resolution consultation customer satisfaction employee relations interpretation of policies leadership excel powerpoint word payroll people soft performance reviews performance management personnel files implementing policies procedures recruiting experience 02/2013 to 06/2015 hr generalist process improvement implemented new bio-metric clock and attendance policy for hourly employees advised managers and implemented a discipline action policy created and monitored new vacation calendar coordinated employee engagement activities to create positive enviroment protective services applied safety procedures and policies as outlined in department safety manual provided hr related support and advice to management and staff on a range of hr functions including talent acquisition and retention employee relations performance and compensation planning learning development and effective leadership practices
__label__FINANCE director of finance accomplishments director of finance accomplishments senior financial analyst / it project / program consultant business case management sarbanes-oxley process improvement directed it financial planning and analysis for a 120-million department developed business cases mitigated risks and managed forecasting operations and budgets. led all it audits for sarbanes-oxley documentation and testing as well process improvement initiatives. improved project management processes through the implementation of a new business case template enhanced project visibility to determine project status for executive decision-making. increased financial planning process effectiveness by 35 through the development and implementation of a capital budget cycle that ensured the accuracy and data integrity of all financial transactions. financial management roles children toys inc. 2005 directed global planning and analysis for a real estate and it portfolio of 550-million that included capital investments and post-spending analysis. minolta corporation 2004 managed budgets forecasting and business case modeling initiatives for north american operations improved 120 business processes that boosted productivity levels by 40 in only five months. light technologies inc. sprain nj 1995 2003 manager program management multibillion-dollar budgets program management cost savings managed all it planning forecasting and business case management for the largest division at light technologies a 5-billion department directed multibillion-dollar budgets
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist summary information technology specialist summary over twelve years of experience providing high quality consulting and technical assistance to home and business end users. as a field service technician since late 2004 i am able to install repair and maintain many types of point of sale register equipment as well as servers networking and related peripherals. with an ability to integrate computer skills customer support experience and related education i thrive to exceed technical business and customer expectations. a long time hobby of mine is demonstrating electronics in retail stores. i really enjoy in-store demonstrations direct sales and training sessions with employees. continuing to improve myself is very important to me. i feel being professionally certified by comptia lexmark hewlett packard microsoft fujitsu ic the eta fema and other bodies allows me to think outside the box and create a custom solution that best fits the client s needs. highlights exceptional telephone etiquette vast technical knowledge troubleshooting proficiency dhcp/dns ethernet and firewall proficient comptia a+ net+ accomplished with mobile devices technical help desk experience database servers excellent problem solving skills microsoft office specialist drive duplication and imaging knowledge adept at troubleshooting accomplishments multiple technical awards for work performance.consistently received a 100 rate
__label__DESIGNER osp engineering designer experience osp engineering designer experience osp engineering designer 12/2014 to current completed field notes for outside plant telecommunication buried and aerial using a distance measuring instrument and measuring wheel height stick ocalc stick ocalc photos and rangefinder equipment. created outside plant land base layouts and design fiber projects from field notes to construction drawings in cad software. created make ready pole blocks that conformed to national electrical safety code standards. worked remotely in bstcad microstation and autocad. collaborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects. 06/2014 to 12/2014 played key role in designing fiber projects in connect america fund deployment caf that resulted in meeting deadlines with quality. created field notes utilizing field equipment. created detailed construction drawings using microstation. prepared plans and layouts for equipment replacements and new system arrangements showing detailed space allocation on windstream easements. 06/2010 to 06/2014 traveled with a subject matter experts in outside plant engineering to be trained as a knowledgeable fielder. coordinated logistics for field work in different to maintain scheduled deadlines to the customer. assisted outside plant engineers in the field to obtain measurements utilizing field equipment and create field notes for drafters. assisted outside plant engineer in fttt
__label__ADVOCATE advocate professional summary conscientious advocate professional summary conscientious attorney with experience in government relations educational law and advocacy for families with special needs children two years practice in health law and public policy for military families two years federal government experience in human rights and foreign affairs with the u.s. department of core qualifications key qualifications member of maryland bar statutory public policy foreign affairs human rights law diplomacy government relations special education law health law statutory procedure multi-task management experience advocate 01/2011 to 01/2013 represented the needs of military families with policy makers and national organizations regarding legislation and programs for military special needs dependent children assisted families with navigating military health care insurance strategized with parents concerning individual education plans 504 documents and educational behavioral plans led the first military family leadership institute training on fort meade and t aught parent seminars on effective communication and advocacy trained professionals statewide concerning military culture and customs represented the maryland coalition on the maryland military child education committee board the dc area inter-service family action board the kimbrough military treatment patient family action council and the national military officer association of america spouse advisory panel united states foreign service officer 01/2003 to 01/2005 student
__label__ADVOCATE nurse clinician ii on nurse clinician ii on medical/cardiac intensive care units and interventional unit objective i am a registered nurse applying for the doctor of nursing practice dnp concentration in nurse anesthesia crna with strengths in high-quality collaborative interdisciplinary patient care technical procedures and strong patient-family communication. i am aiming to receive exceptional training and invaluable learning experiences from your institution s school of anesthesia. i wish to challenge my flexibility during critical situations while working under fast-paced emergency situations. with my bsn educational degree from loyola university chicago and estimated 4 years experience in the micu 2 years as a nursing care technician and working as a micu rn since september 2013 i believe i am highly qualified and am seeking an opportunity to be and well-trained to become an exceptional nurse anesthetist from a top-ranked institution. professional summary two solid years of experience in the medical/cardiac/interventional icu at advocate lutheran general hospital. provide compassionate care to critically-ill patients suffering from injuries or debilitating medical conditions. observe behavior and symptoms and report changes to on-call physicians. competently trained in telemetry monitoring ventilator management titration of high-potency vasoactive drugs crrt therapy hypothermia therapy tpa management iabp management. managed life support equipment and iv
__label__HR hr associate summary innovative hr associate summary innovative and artistic professional with 6 years in the fashion industry and an energetic recruiter who is self-motivated and results-driven with strong communication analytical problem solving and reasoning skills. highlights trend and emerging brand awareness detail-oriented apparel styling techniques superior communication skills strong creative design skills self-motivated professional superb attention to detail hiring and retention training and development recruiting employee relations personnel records maintenance new hire orientation exceptional interpersonal skills experience hr associate jan 2015 to current recruit and interview at least 10 applicants per week. answer employee questions regarding benefits and protocol as well as resolving any issues. conduct new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. direct personnel training and labor relations activities. identify staff vacancies and recruit interview and select applicants. serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems. cashier captain feb 2014 to sep 2014 maintained knowledge of current promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. operated a cash register to process cash check and credit card transactions. administered all point of sale opening and closing procedures. offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the brand.
__label__APPAREL bookseller professional profile ever bookseller professional profile ever since i ve been able to work i have the day i turned 16 i got a job at wal-mart and i was with wal-mart for about a year and a half. my only reason for leaving my job at wal-mart was because i had to get a second job for my co-op class that i had in high school. i did work both jobs for a few months but i had to quit at wal-mart because they couldn t work with my other job schedule. while i was an associate at wal-mart i did work different departments such as apparel jewelry and i worked as a cashier. i currently work at a childcare to help me pursue my future career in speech and language pathology. i have experience in customer service and talking to parents and children. i consider myself a very driven hard worker if i am given a task i complete it to my best ability. qualifications customer service mindset receive return merchandise enthusiasm professional appearance restocking cheerfulness efficiency experience bookseller 08/2016 to current cleaned and straightened work area. bagged merchandise by following standard procedures. organized register supplies. worked with customer service to
__label__SALES outbound sales career overview outbound sales career overview call center representative versed in customer support in high call volume environments. superior computer skills and telephone etiquette. core strengths exceptional communication skills microsoft outlook word and excel ms windows proficient adherence to high customer service skilled in call center operations standards adheres to customer service procedures customer-focused customer service award quick learner accomplishments customer service award quick learner work experience outbound sales june 2009 to june 2011 answered an average of 80 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries solving problems and providing new product information. described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. politely assisted customers via telephone. answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions. ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. routinely answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing. effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls. evaluated consumer reports on a monthly basis. managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex fast-paced and challenging call center environment. resolved service pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions.
__label__ENGINEERING multi-skilled engineering manager qualifications multi-skilled engineering manager qualifications microsoft project microsoft office microsoft visio ibm rationale doors communication/presentations risk analysis process improvement cmpro experience multi-skilled engineering manager 03/2015 to current graduate of boeing s gs s emerging leadership development program. selected to participate in boeing s systems engineering leadership program. tested and implemented first time quality metrics across boeing s gs s division. recognized as a technical lead engineer within the hardware engineering integrated product team ipt . led a hardware team through the successful development and delivery of multiple f-15 training systems to customers including the united states korea singapore and saudi arabia. manage a team of sixteen electrical and mechanical engineers who are responsible for the design and development of high fidelity training devices for the us navy royal australian air force and nasa. these devices include the p-8a f-22 and the cst-100 starliner. lead multiple initiatives with a goal of continuous improvement. these initiatives have included a thirty-five percent reduction in the electrical engineering cost estimating relationship simplifying the retrofit process modifying the peer review process implementing design to value and focusing on first time quality. work with engineers on my team to aid them in their career development by providing
__label__HR hr administrator/marketing associate hr hr administrator/marketing associate hr administrator summary dedicated customer service manager with 15+ years of experience in hospitality and customer service management. respected builder and leader of customer-focused teams strives to instill a shared enthusiastic commitment to customer service. highlights focused on customer satisfaction team management marketing savvy conflict resolution techniques training and development skilled multi-tasker client relations specialist accomplishments missouri dot supervisor training certification certified by ihg in customer loyalty and marketing by segment hilton worldwide general manager training certification accomplished trainer for cross server hospitality systems such as hilton onq micros opera pms fidelio opera reservation system ors holidex completed courses and seminars in customer service sales strategies inventory control loss prevention safety time management leadership and performance assessment. experience hr administrator/marketing associate hr administrator dec 2013 to current helps to develop policies directs and coordinates activities such as employment compensation labor relations benefits training and employee services. prepares employee separation notices and related documentation keeps records of benefits plans participation such as insurance and pension plan personnel transactions such as hires promotions transfers performance reviews and terminations and employee statistics for government reporting. advises management in appropriate resolution of employee relations issues. administers benefits programs such as life
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY practice manager executive summary practice manager executive summary strategic motivational and solutions-focused leader with an mba and with extensive experience in analyzing systems/processes and implementing mission-critical infrastructure improvements broad based experience in the healthcare industry including regulatory/corporate compliance strategic planning and contract negotiations. craft and implement key quality improvements to enhance quality patient care and secure regulatory compliance proven track record of success in developing solutions which significantly improve the efficiency of business operations experience developing and implementing multi-year budgets and operational plans. excel in corporate environments across diverse industries with the ability to collaborate effectively with colleagues executives and client groups. core qualifications proficient in windows 2000/xp/7 novell netware 4.x/5.x/6.x emr allscripts and mckesson tcp/ip enterprise networks enterprise virus protection asset management/itil arcserve/backup exec/net backup symantec ghost cable installation/management landesk window server 2000/2003/2008 hipaa/hitec professional experience practice manager aug 2014 to current develop annual planning budgeting and productivity levels for corporate accounting. prepare detailed business and financial activity reports and use financial ratios and statistical trending for market-wide growth. improvements to top line growth by 39.4 through building an effective hospital team ensuring a safe and engaging environment and improving medical quality and business performance. responsible for cost containment cash control/banking asset protection
__label__TEACHER teacher summary kind and teacher summary kind and compassionate elementary school teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students. enjoys using modern technology in the classroom. experience august 2012 to current teacher key contributions educational outcomes consistently praised by management and staff for dedication reliability organization and effectiveness as one of school district s most in-demand substitutes. filled in for permanent teachers at a moment s notice closely adhered to lesson plans and kept students motivated engaged and focused. showed resourcefulness and teaching effectiveness in meeting the needs of students with limited english language proficiency as well as learning disabilities. voluntarily stepped in to run several after-school programs e.g. girls volleyball coaching cheerleading coaching and after-school tutoring when permanent teachers were unable to fill these roles. repeatedly asked to sub at the same schools due to effectiveness and classroom management skills. after school education and safety program coordinator 1st-6thgrades august 2006 to june 2011 after school program coordinator bakersfield ca august 2006- june 2011 responsibilities facilitates school effort to promote academic physical and social success of students by coordinating variety of after-school programs designed to increase academic achievement and improve overall educational experience assists in developing organizing and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development director summary business development director summary business development director driven to exceed sales goals and build long-term relationships with customers. creates a positive shopping experience through high-quality customer care. highlights fluent in english and spanish action-oriented results-oriented take charge sales and customer service professional superior communication skills superb follow up skills exceptional relationship building that leads to gaining the trust and credibility of individuals and groups effective team player capable of delivering a strong business case for client action with the skill set necessary to bring it to close accomplishments created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in a 154 increase in monthly sales. increased sales volume by adding 34 new accounts in the assigned territory. managed a portfolio of 21 accounts totaling 14.5mm in sales. experience business development director 11/2012 to current managed 3 franchise kia hyundai cdjr chrysler dodge jeep ram trained/developed sales team on engagement w/customers trained/developed sales team on crm usage met weekly/monthly with gm and service director for any emails and mail out marketing campaigns built strong relationships with fleet organizations developed a two man team that handles all heat cases sales representative 01/2009 to 05/2012 developed and managed five home depot accounts
__label__TEACHER teacher summary kind compassionate teacher summary kind compassionate and highly motivated teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students while learning. desire to inspire and motivate children to achieve their absolute best. expertise in individualizing instruction based on students needs and interests. education bachelor of arts childhood education 1-6 2007 brooklyn college minor in psychology. associate of arts liberal arts 2003 nassau community college liberal arts experience teacher current create a classroom environment conducive to learning and growing. adapt and modify lessons to meet student s academic needs. conduct a variety of activities for individual lessons group projects and movement time to further enhance learning. collaborate with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student interests. organize activities that develop children s physical emotional and social growth. redirect children to encourage safe and positive behaviors in the classroom. encourage curiosity exploration and problem-solving with age-appropriate playtime activities. student teacher 09/2006 to 02/2007 completed four months of teaching experience in a 1st grade classroom collaborating with a cooperating teacher and other staff members to plan and schedule lessons that encourage learning. differentiated instruction according to student interest ability and skill level. observed and assessed student
__label__HEALTHCARE dining services coordinator professional dining services coordinator professional summary i have worked in fine dining in hotels for more than half of my career and i also have experience in the hospitalsetting. i have been in the elderly care field for the last 20 years. i have menu creativity and i can work a smallbudget or a large one. i don t believe in waste therefore i will use leftovers to create wonderful soups sauces and salads. expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. skills team leadership budgeting and finance self-motivated strong verbal communication staff development employee training and development fine-dining expertise ordering and invoicing cpr certification committed team player process implementation institutional and batch cooking beautiful presentation of food strong attention to safe food handling procedures effective planner food presentation talent servsafe certification outgoing and energetic training personnel work history dining services coordinator 07/2016 to currentbrookdale hampton covehampton cove alabamaexpertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. systematically tasted and smelledall prepared dishes and observed color texture and garnishes. effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff inproducing food for banquets catered events and member dining areas. consistently kept a clean and safeenvironment by adhering
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career overview ten consultant career overview ten years of experience with cerner implementations as a consultant and employee. experience with all phases of implementation from current workflows to conversion for inpatient and outpatient hospitals/clinics. skilled in initiating and leading implementations involving rollout of multiple ambulatory clinics within a 1-2 month timeframe. skilled in implementations for inpatient hospitals. experience in designing and building multiple components of powerchart/powerchart office/enhanced view applications to include inbox/message center schedule viewer powerorders powerplans zynx auto space caresets charges task lists easyscript mar all profiles powerforms clinical notes powernotes dynamic documentation bedrock data collection worksheet change control process workflow process eprescribe and set-up of all reference and privileges. determine estimate cost for various projects. qualifications computer skills cerner applications powerchart enhanced view powerchart office carenet clinical documentation surginet documentation powernote document viewing production support of all cerner millennium applications cerner applications tools hna user dcptools scd editor tool powerplans powerorders cvnet tool order management tools announcement tool reference text tool content manager tool cmt nomenclature tool charge viewer cs pricing tool cem 500 tool core code builder tool explore menu bedrock message center eprescribe data collection spreadsheets ops view scheduler pref main tool priv tool pm launch tool citrix reflections
__label__CONSTRUCTION director of ship construction director of ship construction executive profile visionary operations executive with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration. ambitious leader who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. a motivated change agent who leads organizations through lean journeys while training mentoring and driving results by creating self-directed autonomous teams with organizational goals in mind. skill highlights leadership project management business operations organization budgeting expertise employee relations self-motivated customer-oriented lean implementations change agent team player labor negotiations honest ethical ability to select talent multi-unit operational experience p l responsibilities communications teacher core accomplishments manufacturing lead in labor negotiations resulting in a multi-million dollar benefit to the across the term of the agreement once ratified. changed marinette marine module construction from a static build process to a dynamic build process resulting in schedule attainment and a productivity improvement from 50 to 100 . the resulting cost improvement has netted savings of 5m per ship. lead designed constructed and operated a new module facility resulting in achievement of baseline schedules and operations at budgeted cost. achieved this despite
__label__ADVOCATE admissions executive professional summary admissions executive professional summary highly motivated creative professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. experienced in applying principles of sociology to personnel handling administration education management and marketing problems. core qualifications microsoft office training and development marketing and sales specialist group behavior and dynamics charismatic public speaker community resources specialist motivated team player natural leader organized and efficient experience admissions executive august 2015 to current - evaluated program performance against expectations. maintained compliance with and legal requirements. reviewed program needs and recruited qualified staff. inspired students to translate their academic interests into the real world by taking positive actions. counseled undergraduates in regard to educational and professional goals. communicated with the registrar s office to review and process requests for requirements waivers. organized recruitment and admission events for prospective students. served as an academic adviser for undergraduate students each year. worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction. trained staff on how to improve customer interactions. customer service specialist december 2004 to august 2015 - developed implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction. resolved customer questions issues and complaints.. conducted weekly monthly and quarterly team meetings discussing goals productivity and team building. developed
__label__FITNESS personal trainer summary hard personal trainer summary hard working seasoned customer service professional with extensive experience in face to face service and sales seeking a new opportunity in a stable organization where i can use my skills and knowledge to make a positive contribution and assist in the growth of both the and my personal career. highly motivated professional with excellent interpersonal and motivational skills infectious enthusiasm and positive attitude extensive experience meeting goals both personal and professional i.e. sales fees gross profit contribution and hours experience and successful track record of managing others proven experience in sales over 150 00 dollars sold in 3 years building and maintaining relationships with key customers and business leaders in the community experience gained in leading staff in business development customer retention recruiting and expense management self-motivated individual continuously striving for success strong sense of discipline and desire to learn new skills works well as an individual or as part of a team ability to easily anticipate the needs and desires of customers works well under pressure and deadlines experience personal trainer 09/2014 provide orientation and instruction to member pertinent to apt technique suitable exercise intensity body mechanics frequency and duration along with right selection and equipment
__label__CHEF lecturer chef instructor researcher lecturer chef instructor researcher and recruiter professional profile a goal-driven food service manager dietitian and culinary professional specializing in quick paced high-volume operations team building and systems improvement eager to offer 15+ years experience towards maximizing productivity and profitability. highlights 6 years dynamic lluh training and employment multi-unit manager 2 000-20 000 daily meals national and international director to 100 employees and 500+ independent contractors extensive experience managing audits excellent communicator adept computer skills recipe modification specialist zero-based budget management accomplishments experienced operations director executive management of 500 national and international sales agent grew portfolio from start up to 12 million monthly processing volume. experienced food service manager cbs studios multi-unit single-unit manager for marriott concepts including bob s big boy and alley s restaurants and burger king. participation driven grew participation at cbs studios by expanding audience services increasing ready-made and redesigned customer flow to increase speed of service. compliance committed provided menu compliance and policies for all food allergies at choc hospital and casa colina hospital and drew upon best practices as well as emerging evidence. recipe modification specialist established compliant menus and recipes for kidney patients at kaiser hospital to include culturally relevant options. farmer focused connected
__label__SALES pmc/psm/ sales manager/ sales pmc/psm/ sales manager/ sales associate career focus performance management consultant with more than10 years of experience planning developing and implementing behavioral and operationally focused procedures to enable sales and productivity . currently r esponsible for maximizing performance across the corporate-owned retail team in the southwest territory by working collaboratively with director of sales and area managers in addressing key issues sales skills leadership development performance improvement retail operations and customer engagement for the territory. i play a critical role in creating an infrastructure that enables sustainable measurable improvement in an evolving environment and am constantly working to improve internal processes and efficiencies within technical systems and behavioral procedures of our associates. summary of skills ability to clarify the nature of a problem evaluate alternatives propose viable solutions and determine the outcome of the various options detail oriented and able to present information and ideas clearly and concisely able to review different points of view or ideas and make objective judgments investigates all possible solutions to the problem able to draw specific conclusions from a set of general observations or a set of specific facts able to synthesize ideas and information maximized efficiency and team productivity through the development of collaborative
__label__CHEF intern highlights microsoft office intern highlights microsoft office and stata programs experience intern june 2014 to august 2014 - assisted lawyers in their cases paperwork and legal documents. transcribed court notes and minutes . managed schedules. attended to local courts with lawyers to evaluate legal proceedings. hoet pelaez castillo y linares law firm. intern may 2013 to august 2013 organized documentation for legal filings and procedures for lawyers and their cases. collaborated with. several of the associates by going to local courts and following their assigned cases. may 2015 to august 2015 - performed deli servings event organization inventory control and new staff training. accomplishments active member of the latin american association at boston university latam 2015-present basic training of the israeli army sept 2013-dec 2013 leadership camp in israel aug 2012 models of the united nations 2013 community service experiences 2012-2013. education economics and political science 2014 present boston university gpa gpa 3.3 economics and political science gpa 3.3 high school diploma july 2013 colegio moral y luces - venezuela gpa gpa 16.18/20 gpa 16.18/20 languages spanish native english fluent and hebrew basic interests piano playing sports high school s varsity team player and captain of the soccer team. fratelsa sport club player
__label__ARTS combat marksmanship trainer/ primary combat marksmanship trainer/ primary marksmanship instructor summary weapons and tactics instructor highlights effective team leader small arms weapons specialist firearms safety training trained in defensive tactics valid south carolina driver s license supply and logistics planning secret security clearance trained in emergency response accomplishments personally responsible for over 500 000.00 of command equipment with no deficiencies losses or damages. received global war on terrorism service medal. formally commended by the inspector general for superb supervisory actions and management. formally commended by marine corps association foundation for superior accomplishments while enrolled in combat marksmanship trainers course. formally commended by the commanding officer of marine corps tactics operations group for outstanding performance while serving as response cell non-commissioned officer in charge. experience june 2015 to august 2016 combat marksmanship trainer/ primary marksmanship instructor instructed over 2 000 marines in all phases of the marine corps marksmanship program on the qualification and re qualification on small arms ranges. additionally assisted in the operation of 35 firing ranges. june 2015 to july 2016 assistant martial arts instructor assisted four martial arts instructors with the training of over 200 marines and sailors in the marine corps martial arts program by planning and executing combat conditioning
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary over 20 consultant summary over 20 years experience working with ifc on many sectors - oil and gas mining renewable energy and skills experience with ifc jeopardy projects portfolio management. experience with several ifc portfolio databases. experience consultant 12/1996 to current conducted risk and impairment analyses of ifc s portfolio of loan and equity investments and recommended to senior management the specific loss reserves to cover impaired individual investments. analyzed financial statements of client companies and coordinated with investment officers to validate information from ifc files. participated in the development of a new loan loss reserve forecasting tool based on loan migration analysis. took part in the preparation of the fy97 loss reserve review paper. participated in discussions on the status of investee companies with the investment departments. prepared project status reports to external auditors. policy analyst 03/1991 to 07/1994 managed a team of seven professionals to establish and operate one of the s first joint ventures with the austrian partner berthold stempel. worked on the introduction of leasing in the hotel and catering divisions of the company. worked with senior management on the introduction of a new accounting system. lecturer 01/1987 to 03/1991 taught a course in microeconomics. participated in a
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS human resources administrative assistant/executive human resources administrative assistant/executive assistant career focus ambitious professional driven to launch a career in the communications and customer service fields. brings valuable experience from internships in public relations and one year of fast paced experience in human resources.hard-working entry-level job seeker looking to apply my education and experience. very familiar with the ebsco host research database. core qualifications mac and pc microsoft office excel powerpoint word wordpress hootsuite google docs twitter facebook management google alerts trapit photoshop novice hris databases research databases human resources information system databases ceridian and kronos cision ebsco host accomplishments dean s list all semesters westfield university honors program 01/2011-05/2014 phi kappa phi honors society 03/2013-present dan doyle memorial scholarship 06/2013-5/2014 outstanding classroom citizenship award 5/2014 academic excellence award 5/2014 work experience human resources administrative assistant/executive assistant october 2014 to september 2015 manage multiple schedules assist entire department with any and all needs strong organizational skills/ability to multi task work in fast paced work environment ability to troubleshoot high volume of interaction with accounting coordinating travel arrangements experience with confidential and sensitive information employee relations ensuring compliance with labor law posters track employee anniversaries strong customer service skills member of winn event planning committee working
__label__HR sr. hr consultant executive sr. hr consultant executive profile ambitious human resources professional who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. possess the ability to build and retain high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. a results-oriented human resources professional with demonstrated ability to deliver mission-critical results with an entrepreneurial attitude offering outstanding presentation communication and cross-cultural team management skills. skill highlights proficient in microsoft word suite word powerpoint excel outlook and access kronos timekeeper hyperion peoplesoft project management leadership/communication skills employee relations market research and analysis core accomplishments project management initiated caught you serving program to recognize and highlight employees and departments who exceeded patient outcome goals and provided exceptional customer service. this program resulted in a 33 improvement in patient satisfaction scores over a 180 day period. assisted executive team with aligning departments to reduce service redundancy and utilizing untapped resources to create billable services. through job redesigning reduced total compensation budget by 400k. human resources spearheaded new healthcare provider program which increased retention by 22 with overall 93 retention rate. instituted monthly hr file audit to ensure compliance and accuracy of approximately 575 fte s and 63 subcontractors employee files.
__label__HR hr manager highlights senior hr manager highlights senior human resources strategist / recruitment manager talent management strategic recruitment planning organizational development top-performing human resources professional with 10+ years of experience providing innovative and results-driven leadership within small and large organizations. proven ability to effectively communicate with staff on all corporate levels create and inspire positive relationships and build solid teams of professional employees. expert in designing effective recruiting strategies targeting top-quality talent performing contract negotiations and creating initiatives improving employee satisfaction and retention. characterized as a compassionate manager strategic leader and executive recruiter. value offered workforce planning team building facilitation project management vendor relations fmla employee retention performance appraisal behavioral interviewing performance improvement employment branding recruitment training development accomplishments phr - professional in human resource management society of human resource managers shrm publications at t and temphelp build buy or barrow for success - at t s wisconsin manual for sales and it hiring protocols at t - strategies for identification selection and retention impact recruiting - how question design makes the difference instructor - uwm - school of continuing education certification course attract/retain sucseed - designing recruitment strategies to align with business objectives. experience hr manager march 2013 to current overvie. corporate hr
__label__ADVOCATE senior customer service advocate senior customer service advocate professional profile over ten years of management and customers services skills in retail and call center environment. expert computing and technology skills in multiple software applications. qualifications leadership sales writing communications customer service training counseling client support multitasking professional microsoft office relevant experience increased client engagement in all active health products and services sales by 98 . each quarter. experience senior customer service advocate october 2010 to november 2016 provides daily leadership to customer service staff. identifies system and workflow improvements to enhance the team s efficiency. handles telephone and written correspondence from varied sources. explains customer/member specific plan of benefits along with member s responsibilities in accordance with contracted arrangements. documents and tracks all member contacts events and outcomes via appropriate systems. accesses information from a variety of systems and references including contracting and network system. shift supervisor august 2009 to october 2010 completed day to day operation of the store such as overseeing staff. responded to customer inquiries and complaints. directed and supervised employees engaged in sales inventory-taking reconciling cash receipts or in performing services for customers. monitored sales activities to ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and quality goods. assigned employees to specific
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist summary information technology specialist summary highly skilled and results-oriented it specialist with extensive experience in software development software configuration management project management system planning specification development cmmi5 quality assurance and testing. highlights process improvement quality assurance and control results-oriented relationship building productivity improvement project development and lifecycle detail-oriented work flow planning experience information technology specialist august 2006 to current track and control over 150 change requests per month. manage the repository for software and customer requirements documents agreements and governance specifications. document and communicate defects and problems with stakeholders and developers. develop and report critical metrics related to crsmb change request activity. ensure that all activities involved in the software design coding and testing of the application software have been successfully completed before releasing software for independent testing and deployment into the production environment. deploy application software to the test and production environments using code management tools. manage logging change requests into the tracking system and assigning work activities to members of the branch. evaluate the adequacy of current cm processes and procedures and make recommendations for cm process improvement. coordinate and communicate with developers subject matter personnel stakeholders database management support and project managers. performed platform testing and performance testing
__label__CHEF chef summary i have chef summary i have been in the restaurant business for 25+ years. i have worked long term 8+ years for quite a few establishments. i am a hardworking chef with a passion for food. i have years of experience with every position in the back of the house. preparing soups sauces breaking down fish meat and poultry are just a few things that i am very familiar with. experience 08/2015 to current chef line chef in high volume restaurant. able to cook and plate up to 90+ lunches unassisted on a daily basis. 01/2015 to 08/2015 chef helped friends out during a quiet time by cooking on the line at this seasonal country club. 04/2004 to 01/2015 chef/owner managed kitchen staff by recruiting selecting hiring orienting training assigning scheduling supervising evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. prepared all foods including soups sauces. strong commitment to quality service and cost control. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes portioning and cooking. developed menus pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. actively involved in cost control sanitation menu development training recruitment private dining and catering. planned lunch dinner and bar menus as well as special menus
__label__ARTS college assistant summary professional college assistant summary professional leader with strong emphasis on management initiatives focused on developing comprehensive family and child-related programs and services. goal-oriented professional with strong leadership capabilities. detail-oriented exhibiting excellent communication building networks problem solving and strategic planning skills. exceeding deadlines and managing multiple projects on time and budget without compromising quality. passionate about helping others. skills strong leadership analytical problem solving adaptability teamwork communication program management family and children s programs knowledge exemplary people management skills exceptional communication skills hipaa guidelines microsoft- word excel power point access outlook google docs google sheets research spss statistic software sap accounting software work history program manager 07/2009 coding compliance auditor 03/2011 to 11/2011 experience college assistant 10/2013 to 02/2014 explained program offerings and requirements to parents and students and answered related questions. recruited high school students in the community and registered them into baruch college s college now program which provided students with a great opportunity to earn college credits while in high school. coordinated and assisted in the recruitment and retention initiatives that increased recruitment by 50 for the spring 2014 semester. organized and developed strategies for students and parents involvement to encourage success in the program. collaborated with representative s
__label__CONSTRUCTION electronic technician ii profile electronic technician ii profile to acquire an electronic engineering position in an organization where my productive skills and experience will contribute to the success of that company. committed motivated customer-service focused forward-thinking electronic engineer with hand-on experience performing quality troubleshooting electronics system design and development. professional experience 09/2011 to 12/2014 electronic technician ii job summary builds troubleshoots and maintains test and repair of manufacturing and inspection test equipment on c.o. telecommunications equipment down to electronic components parts level. operates production test equipment. monitors and performs calibration of test equipment and testers.diagnose and repairs failed circuit boards and using a variety of diagnose tools including visual inspections. collects data and interprets board failures.train lower level technicians.troubleshoot repairs and maintains test equipment as needed. diagnose and repairs failed circuit board using a variety of diagnostic tools 01/2005 to 01/2009 construction coordinator prepares specifications and reports for construction projects and monitors the projects status through completion. exercise professional control and timely implementation and administration of limited scope capital projects. assist in the preparation of contracts for consultants and contractors. assure the corporation receives the best value for the lowest possible cost. oversee the construction phase of assigned projects. makes field inspections of residential
__label__TEACHER lead teacher summary use lead teacher summary use the knowledge and firsthand experience that i have gained through my various education work in both civilian and military experience extracurricular and leadership positions to become a proactive and dedicated team member. highlights apple and windows programs including microsoft office suite internet proficiency social media website use for communication with sigma kappa and focus members accomplishments awarded two navy and marine corps achievement medal in 2014 and 2017. awarded letter commendation for winning junior sailor 2016. formally acknowledged by the defense reduction threat agency for superb supervisory actions and management. awarded multiple letters of appreciation for being a community pillar for marine corps security force battalion bangor wa. experience lead teacher 12/2011 to 10/2012 creating and implementing small group interventions for students in kindergarten through 6th grade in both math and reading. engaging students that have been assessed as high- ability. preparing students for state-wide standardized assessments by adapting concepts. substitute teaching for the various classrooms pending the absence of the classroom teacher. challenging struggling students with various methods allowing them to grasp the correct perceptions. executing roles to assist teachers in their classrooms as well as within the school as a community. working with students
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction project manager professional construction project manager professional summary highly motivated and determined individual seeking full-time position where my previous financial purchasing construction and project controlling experiences will drive the corporation s goals toward success core qualifications proficient in the following software business applications sap pdm autocad dwg trueview hyperion financial manager sage timberline quickbooks word excel including v-lookup pivot tables macros access powerpoint project outlook visio concerto illustration imaging and page layout applications illustrator photoshop imageready adobe reader adobe acrobat kpt vector tools experience construction project manager april 2015 to current - created analyzed and implemented project definitions schedules budgets scopes of work and objectives for multiple programs and new construction projects. developed project timelines and execution strategies to effectively match client expectations and deadlines while still maintaining a profitable gross margin of over 30 between actual cost and final invoicing. simultaneously managed multiple construction projects service events and tours involving the launch of new programs and construction projects the refurbishment of existing inventory and the integration of new graphics components or configurations from pre-sale/proposal through execution and completion. onsite duties included site staffing oversight of install and dismantle as well as ensuring compliance with tradeshow regulations. issued work orders for shop production
__label__FITNESS accommodation service executive ll accommodation service executive ll professional summary customer service and sales expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems. driven to exceed sales and customer satisfaction goals and build long term relationships with the clients. creates a positive experience through high quality customer care. bilingual manager able to build lead and train efficient and friendly service teams. core qualifications client-focused results-oriented quick learner superior communication skills cheerful and energetic effective team player experience accommodation service executive ll 12/2016 to current communicate with partners by telephone or by e mail to provide guidance and assistance regarding booking.com platform extranet. provide commercial advise and orientation to partners based on booking.com business model. gather information to solve partner and guests issues regarding reservations in order to coordinate assistance with customer service department. review and process new partnership registrations and set them ready to open on booking.com webpage. keep partners and guests as center of all our operations to guarantee maximum satisfaction. customer service executive 02/2016 to 11/2016 communicate with customers by telephone or by e mail to provide information about hotel reservations take or enter information cancel reservations gather complaints details . keep records of customer interactions or transactions recording details of
__label__BANKING vp career focus to vp career focus to lead the executive management of a financial institution s lending team. to align our lending objectives so we compliment other departmental efforts and achieve the organization s highest goal. by uniting culture teamwork training technology policy and support we will uphold tradition minimize risk and provide best-in-class service while offering products which satisfy the ever-changing wants and needs of our retail and business members. accomplishments certifications . professional experience 01/2014 to current supervisor consumer loans iaa credit union. 215mm asset credit union . 01/2011 to 01/2014 vp small business banking busey bank. 3.9b asset bank . 01/2003 to 01/2011 avp- business banking sold clients personal deposit accounts credit cards home equities mutual funds life insurance fixed annuities consumer loans. implemented new needs-based cross-selling techniques and retention s tr a te gies to significantly grow sales results across our retail team. led chase bank by achieving the prominent recognition of being one of the top 350 consumer loan producing bankers in the nation. trained coached implemented and initiated incentives which helped grow the mortgage production level from 8mm r. to over worked alongside area and regional managers in the development and implementation of incentive models that assimilate
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY support network services intern support network services intern professional summary technical support analyst with technical and troubleshooting repair expertise. team player who is flexible reliable and adaptable to dynamic environments. skills able to research and familiarize skill sets towards core technologies based on enthusiasm dedication and motivation knowledgeable with installation and configuration of windows-based operating systems windows xp vista 7 and 8 experienced with the installation and configuration of ubuntu linux whilst cognizant of mac os x interactions proficient with virtualization and highly skilled with configurations inside of vmware skilled with troubleshooting hardware and software issues within a network and support services environment able to document effectively communicate and succeed within a group setting in order to become a superior team player willing to work individually whilst prioritizing tasks or projects and completing assignments based on expected deadlines work history support network services intern september 2014 - december 2014 customized and implemented microsoft scsm from sccm in order to automate departmental organizational needs facilitated proper asset management and user onboarding processes tailored to the student affairs department worked with network support services team to learn more about the general campus and supported users attended regular meetings to coordinate and discover the expected outcomes and
__label__CHEF executive chef summary outgoing executive chef summary outgoing job title offering extensive knowledge of hospitality etiquette food preparation and superior customer service.food service professional and culinary arts student seeking a position in an elegant fine dining establishment. extensive knowledge of high-end ingredients and food and wine pairings.restaurant professional with number years in foh and boh operations. customer service and food handling expertise. skilled at memorizing menu items and orders.organized independent worker with strong time management skills. detail-oriented and able to learn new tasks quickly and effectively.organized independent worker with strong time management skills. detail-oriented and able to learn new tasks quickly and effectively.efficient job title with strong interpersonal and coaching skills. prior work in busy hotels and find-dining restaurants.server bringing enthusiasm dedication and an exceptional work ethic. trained in customer service with knowledge of cuisine type cuisine.friendly and courteous server with five years work in a bar and restaurant setting. proficient knowledge of food wine and spirits. seeking a position in an upscale restaurant resort or country club.high energy outgoing hostess with a dedication to positive guest relations desires a position as a server or hostess in a fast-paced restaurant or bar. high volume dining customer service and cash handling background. highlights ms office
__label__ENGINEERING biomedical engineering technician ii biomedical engineering technician ii professional summary versatile bmet ii highly effective at working independently and as part of a team. expertise in installation and inspection of medical devices. core qualifications microsoft excel project and visio adobe engineering standards osha regulations ms office proficient competency in procedure development advanced anatomy knowledge advanced knowledge of embedded systems vast technical knowledge windows xp/vista dhcp/dns ethernet and firewall proficient lan aptitude proficient in avg printers pc security systems knowledge of manufacturing test methodologies. database servers local remoter systems support proficiency in tcp/ip protocols information security document management excellent communication techniques self-starter team player patient and diligent keen eye for detail acutely observant excellent problem solving skills experience june 2008 to current biomedical engineering technician ii properly respond to service calls to evaluate diagnose perform repair and planned maintenance pm on the hospital s biomedical equipment. integration of software for network systems such as philips hillrom and hugs infant security system as well as installs of such systems. knowledge of the application and repair of computers and servers and how they interface with medical equipment. evaluate biomedical equipment issues implement appropriate repairs as assigned perform planned maintenance pm maintain effective customer relations follow appropriate hospital
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician v experience engineering technician v experience 04/2014 to 07/2015 engineering technician v 04/1996 to 07/2015 engineering technician v i have over 29 years of progressive experience in the electrical communications electronics and telecommunications fields. as technical team lead he has led major uscg shipboard communications upgrades or shipboard installations on 225 seagoing buoy tenders wlb 175 coastal buoy tenders wlm and 87 coastal patrol boats wpb to mitigate electromagnetic interference emi on these vessels with vhf transceivers and satellite-based gps systems. he team led the implementation of tcto 2010 which fielded the vhf antenna relocation to the 225 wlb class and 175 wlm class. he coordinated and was the team leader on the prototype vhf antenna relocation on the 225 wlb class. he was part of the team that designed and developed relocation and replacement of cemt-4265a antennas on the 87 wpb. he also coordinated and team lead the vhf relocation tasking on these classes of uscg vessels. mr. roshto was responsible for the scheduling planning and performing field implementation of the emc-emi program support including uscg/usn radhaz/emi control measures. he also provided technical leadership in the topside maintenance and dockside repair program which included uscg/usn hf vhf and uhf communications systems.
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer experience graphic graphic designer experience graphic designer january 2014 to january 2015 with a personal interest in design rowena served as one of the club officers from fall 2014 to spring 2015 as the graphic designer where she designs and creates event posters not only for the club itself but also other clubs on campus. human resource manager - intern january 2006 sales person january 2002 to january 2004 education 2010 holy innocents high school singapore singapore journalism 2015 de anza college journalism additional information profile rowena is a dedicated aspiring fashion journalist hoping to transfer from de anza college to rutgers university in fall 2016. skills graphic designer posters
__label__FITNESS fitness specialist summary energetic fitness specialist summary energetic personal trainer with educational background in physical education sport training and exercise swimming. experienced personal trainer with 10 years conducting one-on-one training sessions in an upscale fitness studio. advanced training in metabolic testing nutrition and weight management consulting. highlights fitness assessments body mass index bmi knowledge understanding of body fat tables and bmi fitness equipment operation weight management expert cpr and first aid certified understanding of human anatomy gymnast aed certification fitness equipment expertise fitness programming specialist accomplishments material development created physical education targeting pk - 12 to create an engaging educational experience. completed an average of 30 ore than fitness assessments per month. team building and leadership education strategies employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of sensory/perceptual-motor skills language cognition and memory. experience fitness specialist aug 2015 to mar 2016 - instruct of group exercise classes. provide one-on-one consulting training and motivation. perform fitness assessments determine exercise prescriptions and design workout programs for the clients. contributed to a 10 increase in sales for the personal training department. guided clients in safe exercise taking into account individualized physical limitations. taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury. encouraged
__label__FITNESS team member / pricer team member / pricer career overview retail operations management inventory control product pricing dedicated and experienced business professional with a tradition of performance excellence achieving or surpassing corporate goals for sales operations merchandise customer service and safety standards. replenishment foster cooperation and build trusted relationships with clients staff and management. staff training train staff on club procedures policies and practices and computer usage. team leadership provide analysis and resolution of internal organizational issues and problems. cash accountability computer literate...adept at using proprietary systems for appointments a/r program payroll/timekeeping registration and customer accounts. kronos payroll system. accounts receivable tactful and calm when dealing with sensitive situations and resolving patron issues. financial reporting solid work ethic meticulous organization pride in work positive can-do attitude. osha compliance core strengths strong organizational skills active listening skills sharp problem solver energetic work attitude inventory control familiarity top sales performer visual merchandising proficiency work experience 07/2012 to current team member / pricer set up store prior to grand opening. selected products to be sold. priced accordingly. placed product to the sales floor. worked as a team member performing cashier duties product assistance and cleaning. cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed. expressed
__label__SALES sales manager summary service sales manager summary service focused professional offering an extensive background in customer service sales client relations and merchandising. self-directed and self-motivated team player who also works well independently. experience june 2014 to september 2017 sales manager opening store manager count and balance safe and tills successfully managed the activities of team members in multiple locations p assionately focus on customers needs i mproved service quality and increased sales by developing a strong knowledge of s products and services maintain telzon ordering system for store products and customer merchandise delivery driver print and complete overstock maintain mndr price changes developed rapport with customers by handling difficult issues with diplomacy and tact. february 2011 to april 2014 retail sales associate/pharmacy clerk maintained front end of store cashier greet and assisted customers served as liaison between customers store personnel and various store departments recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner assisted pharmacist with filling of prescriptions 3rd party insurance billing answered phones entered new patient profiles and prescriptions into medication input software system. january 2007 to december 2010 pharmacy assistant /clerk assessed customer needs and responded to questions
__label__FITNESS athletic director coach pe athletic director coach pe teacher summary enthusiastic driven individual with experience motivating students to achieve both academic and athletic goals. skills administrative management creative lesson planning curriculum development goal setting and implementation athletic program development and management experience athletic director coach pe teacher 08/2015 to current successfully manage athletic teams and plan sporting events and lead sports programs to foster teamwork and develop students self-esteem develop and implement physical education and health lesson plans and curriculum for kindergarten- seventh grades administer tests and other evaluations and analyze student performance develop strong relationships with students parents to encourage collaboration between faculty and families to achieve student success motivate self staff and team members to reach short and long term performance goals esl teacher 01/2018 to current teach children in china ages 4-12 to speak read and write english using an interactive powerpoint on an online platform provide feedback to parents and collaborate with other educators to ensure the best output from each student assess and monitor students progress wellness coordinator powerplay instructor 03/2012 to 07/2015 planned and instructed physical activity classes for the pre-k and mother s day out programs that are content specific and developmentally appropriate and that support the
__label__FITNESS group fitness instructor summary group fitness instructor summary 7+ years customer service experience advanced written and spoken communication skills in varying audiences 2+ years experience working with employers and job seekers in all aspects of job searches 2+ years experience conducting group and individual interviews anticipating job-readiness administering aptitude tests and identifying training needs knowledge of employment and training and federal laws policies rules and regulations highly self-motivated with effective time and workload management skills knowledgeable and intuitive computer hardware and software abilities devised a successful recruiting plan for new call centers which resulted in number new employees in number -months. education 2012 western new mexico university masters of business administration mba 2003 western washington university bachelor of arts english english may 2016 additional trainings certifications research work national federation of professional trainers nfpt personal training workshop and certification february 2016 keiser m3 indoor cycling instructor program indoor cycling certification december 2015 corepower yoga 200 hour yoga teacher training chicago yoga center 100 hour yoga teacher training may 2008 cpr certified non violent communication research experience january 2014 to current group fitness instructor responsible for teaching several group fitness classes including yoga cycle and aqua promote knowledge of proper group fitness components i.e. warm
__label__SALES sales summary account manager sales summary account manager focused on maximizing sales by managing all accounts systematically and logically. believes consistency and dedication build the most successful business partnerships. excel at building a loyal customer base to achieve both short and long-term organization sales goals. highlights superior communication skills cheerful and energetic effective team player staff training and development resolution-oriented dependable and reliable accomplishments responsible for training new employees in all aspects of distribution and sales. ensured one hundred percent compliance with all rules and regulations. established new accounts and client interaction. monitored sales goals and expectations for multiple brands. improved product placement at both on premise and off premise accounts. managed quality assurance for all products within distribution. maintained files for all individual accounts and products. increased sales through effective customer communication. experience sales september 2008 responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-building expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers. consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels. recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs. informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner. answered customers questions regarding products prices and availability. collaborated with colleagues to exchange selling strategies and marketing information. collaborated with
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS billing services associate professional billing services associate professional summary detail-oriented and versatile government commercial and non-profit billing professional with proven ability to efficiently manage multiple assignments while meeting strict deadlines. excels at cultivating and managing internal and external client relationships. highlights exceptional verbal and written proficient with microsoft office suite communication with all executive levels including sharepoint and peoplesoft dedicated to process improvement high customer service standards meticulous attention to detail time management and positive attitude work experience billing services associate september 2012 to current oversee all aspects of billing operations performed by the office of society services oss staff including invoice generation and distribution payment processing and retention of related records. serve as the subject matter expert on the systems used to process billing services including netforum laserfiche media services group msg ad manager elan web and train other staff in the use of these systems. work closely with accounts receivable and tax office to resolve any issues with invoicing and collecting revenue for acs products and services. provide general customer support via phone and email as needed based on operational levels and serve as primary point of contact when oss manager is out of the office. distributed daily batch workload to team
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS manager of public relations manager of public relations and communication summary creative thinker who is not afraid to work outside her comfort zone. motivated team player results orientated with a focus on achievement. seeking to develop her career and is currently looking for a suitable position with an organization that values diversity and hard work. areas of expertise project management administration and management conflict management youth programming critical thinking spotting opportunities and identifying threats personal skills judgment and decision making team player social perceptiveness active learner adapt to working in diverse environment highlights program management administration conflict management youth programming collaborative manager analytical thinker spotting opportunities and identifying threats team player adapt to working in diverse and environment experience manager of public relations and communication nov 2013 to jan 2015 led the development and implementation of overall public relations strategies developed proactive relationships with government the media and other stakeholders. managed the organization of group vip visits and arranged meetings requested with authorities including president s office prime minister s office as well as ministry of oil and minerals and attend group vip meetings. managed and supervised the content of the s website supervised the establishment of advertising and publicity materials in stands/exhibits required
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist professional information technology specialist professional profile to continue work in the information technology field while developing my skills in information systems and networking. experience information technology specialist april 2015 to current set up and maintained the network infrastructure both wired and wireless configuration. setup and maintained all user s computers including hardware and software. set up and assisted users with their e-mail accounts. i maintained security on our networks in which only users could access the network. setup and configured users android phones so they could access the s resources. i maintained security on all companies machines. computer technical specialist september 2007 to january 2014 set up and maintain all software on faculty and staff computers in a windows and mcintosh environment. troubleshoot all software and hardware problems on user s machines. check network connectivity issues on the client side. set up and maintain all printers scanners and fax machines for staff and faculty and students. configure and setup all pda s for all faculty and staff. help maintain lab computers on the windows and mcintosh environment including hardware software and printing issues. assist network administrators with setting up and maintaining the network and assisting with network issues including routers switches
__label__TEACHER marilyn hunter summary focused marilyn hunter summary focused on providing professional service and support to every office visitor. diligent about scheduling appointments managing packages and routing mail to recipients. positive nature with excellent people skills. flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success. skills behavior modeling compliance leadership teambuilding work ethic multitasking active listening troubleshooting individualized care multi-line telephone skills office equipment operations organization and efficiency meticulous and organized security understanding experience substitute teacher - 08/2015 - 03/2020 enforced classroom routines to keep students on schedule and operating at consistent level. implemented lesson plans assigned by classroom teacher to educate students about key concepts. provided notes and reports on school day activities to primary teacher. requested as substitute teacher based on excellent referrals and trusted performance. engaged students in discussions to promote interest and drive learning. educated students in various subjects to provide seamless transition during absence of head teacher. maintained student attendance and assignment records to prevent lapses during teacher absences. differentiated classroom and small group instruction to meet needs of students with various learning styles and abilities. helped students build learning and study skills to achieve educational goals. engaged students and boosted understanding of material using focused instructional strategies
__label__SALES sales representative summary ambitious sales representative summary ambitious yard manager with more than 15 years of management experience in the oil and gas and transportation industry. applies strong analytical and critical thinking skills to solve complex operational problems. highlights inventory management employee development and management expense control materials accountability scheduling customer service-oriented safe driver shipping and receiving heavy industrial equipment vendor management superior negotiation skills motivated self-starter cost reduction current cdl license map reading and navigation skills heavy hauling experience may 2016 to july 2018 sales representative established new customer accounts. delivered products to customers in timely manner. efficiently addressed issues with customer accounts to ensure quick resolution. updated database with customer and sales information. completed documentation for product and service sales. maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up after sales. informed management of special sales and service issues. cold-called prospective customers to build relationship. processed all sales transactions accurately and in a timely fashion. guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints. confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers problems. built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. trained new employees on customer
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary experienced sales professional and effective leader. currently a sales professional for ct of wolters kluwer. highly motivated self-driven result-oriented consultant tenacious new business prospecting selling negotiating and closing skills skillful verbal and written communication skills including the ability to present to an executive-level audience passion for gaining personal relationships with clients strong understanding and use of strategic selling techniques former professional athlete experience 03/2017 to current business development manager consulted with c-level executives to develop and implement an effective enterprise-wide strategy that maximizes the value delivered by solutions in order to ensure success with key initiatives developed and conducted effective presentations with contract decision makers c-level accountable for the entire sales cycle from prospecting to closing deals forecasting and strategic planning july 2015 - march 2017 - business development manager wolters kluwer/ct corporation fy 2016 104.4 for ct corporation fy 2016 #1 business development manager on law firm segment team fy 2015 109 for ct corporation primary responsibility for driving profitable customer acquisition and sales growth responsible for developing and implementing relationships with existing customer base as well as pursuing new customers of representation and compliance services formation/qualification services and other on demand services leverage strategic
__label__BANKING vice president summary seeking vice president summary seeking a program/project management position to utilize and expand my talents knowledge and experience. experience vice president 01/2011 to current manage cross functional and cross business unit projects to reduce expenses and best utilitize resources site strategies divestitures create repeatable reporting processes of data to support current and future projects designed project plan templates for future project managers to board new consumer customers in 120 days or 90 days or less depending on the size of the prospective customer. created a document repository for future project managers create and maintain strategic reports for senior management. risk management analyst vice president 01/2007 to 01/2011 managed cross functional and cross business unit projects. identify consumer loans in the commercial bank work with the business to ensure coding is correct and taking any necessary steps to have these loans exit. develop credit file checklists product specific coding matrices green light memo and other tools to streamline and assist the business in meeting risk requirements. participated in writing several chapters for the commercial banking - decentralized policies and procedures annual reviews ach facilities gfcids gfpids cagids continuity of business and pse guidelines . developed an annual review process for cbtx and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career focus analytical consultant career focus analytical and results oriented professional with 2+ years of extensive experience in conducting analyzing and interpreting customer competitor and market intelligence across the marketing spectrum on customer segmentations and product categories. excellent analytical skills and a strong sense of structure and logic. ability to prepare high quality presentation and spreadsheet models. passionate about providing high quality cutting edge research and have an understanding of the complex profile of consumers and how business can tap directly into their habits aspirations and attitudes hands on experience working on projects encompassing market analysis organization structures analysis competitive benchmarking financial analysis and other best practice studies across industries. demonstrated ability to work effectively both independently and in a team environment in an atmosphere of multiple projects shifting priorities and deadline pressures. a confident and concise communicator with excellent relationship team management skills. possess a flexible detail oriented attitude. summary of skills familiar with spss software. expert at ms word excel and powerpoint. proficient in databases such as gartner forrester datamonitor onesource factiva. professional experience consultant april 2012 to april 2014 capgemini consulting is the strategy and transformation consulting brand of capgemini group with over 3000 business consultants serving clients across 5
__label__DESIGNER fine jewelry cad designer fine jewelry cad designer summary two years experience as a fine jewelry cad designer - seven years experience as an illustrator jewelry designer - founder and lead designer of z liu design highlights z liu design certified in advanced matrix 8 and t-splines programs proficient in technical drawing from illustrator sketching to advanced matrix cad/cam proficient in adobe creative suite along with microsoft office applications impeccable attention to detail and organized bachelor of fine arts and audio-visual editing accomplishments featured interview in papercity magazine dec 2008 spotlighting z liu designs a fine jewelry line that was carried by stanley korshak in dallas. http //www.papercitymag.com. experience may 2016 to september 2016 fine jewelry cad designer create original and complex cad designs for stock and neiman marcus. october 2015 to february 2016 fine jewelry cad designer design custom-made fine jewelry in cad using matrix 8. create photo realistic cad renders for customer approval. satisfy customer needs and increase sales. operate solid-scape for daily 3d print. march 2015 to august 2016 fine jewelry cad designer design classic fine jewelry in cad using matrix 8. and making sure that all designs can be manufactured produce water tight stl files ready for 3d print. october
__label__DESIGNER senior digital designer experience senior digital designer experience 02/2012 to current senior digital designer provided designs and creative direction for custom content in best buy s digital weekly ad. worked as a leader in following brand standards and best practices while exploring new designs. designed vendor-paid premium ad space and special promotions. led weekly client meetings to review and assess content and plans for the weekly ad. built and edited wireframes to lay out product promotional messaging and video content for the best user experience. directed product photo shoots on-set both with and without talent/models. designed covers and internal pages for best buy s weekly newspaper ad and buyer s guides. directly managed reviewed work of and mentored production artists. worked closely with internal project managers and qc team to ensure all deadlines were met and final product was launched and functioning properly. collaborated with front-end developers on new animations designs and site functionality. served as backup to front-end developer working with basic html and css code. 07/2011 to 06/2011 mac operator/prepress/plating specialist edited and optimized client-provided digital art files to produce high quality digital lithographic and flexographic print materials. worked with csrs and prepared customer and pressroom proofs to ensure accuracy of image
__label__CHEF kindergarten teacher professional summary kindergarten teacher professional summary energetic results-oriented team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to a growing in need of top-level support. high-performing administrative assistant with extensive experience working with a diverse client base and delivering results. core qualifications microsoft office word powerpoint excel outlook inspiration software publisher software quick learner/adaptable strong typing skills lifelong learner proofreading/grammar strong interpersonal skills resourceful adaptable professional and mature self-starter/self-directed results-oriented flexible adaptable time management meticulous attention to detail experience kindergarten teacher 09/2013 to current create engaging and inquiry based lesson plans in accordance with district-wide curriculum units following common core standards for kindergarten. differentiate instruction according to students ability and skill level. work with a diverse student population including english language learner ell students and non-english speaking students. delegate tasks to teacher assistants and volunteers. establish positive relationships with students parents and fellow teachers as well as collaborate to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement. earned positive verbal/written feedback from parents regarding classroom instruction and student learning success. received an award from the boys girls club of nashua 2014-2015 teacher of the year award for kindergarten k-5 literacy math interventionist 09/2008 to 09/2013 provided daily small group literacy and math intervention
__label__DESIGNER floral designer summary floral floral designer summary floral designer with more than six years experience in artistically arranging real flowers leaves and other decorations making bouquets wreaths wedding decorations and other kinds of floral designs. experience floral designer 08/2017 floral designer freelancer 06/2017 floral designer freelancer 11/2016 created exciting wedding arrangements bridal bouquets and centerpieces. floral designer 08/2015 to 06/2016 decorated luxurious rooms for vip guests such as presidents princess of thailand arab sheikhs . ordered and purchased flowers from growers and wholesalers. designed lobby flower arrangements. decorated private hotel rooms and private dinners. designed arranged and wrapped varieties of spiral bouquets for guests. floral designer 09/2013 to 07/2015 created exciting wedding and anniversary arrangements bridal bouqets and centerpieces. floral designer 08/2011 to 06/2013 designed holiday wedding and graduation event displays using fresh flower arrangements. decorated hotel halls and private rooms. stocked cut and watered plants and flowers. itemized and totaled purchases for individual and corporate customers. ordered and purchased flowers from growers and wholesalers. ensured health and cleanliness of flowers and foliage before storage. answered telephones took orders wrapped arrangements. advised customers on how to look after the flowers or plants they buy. highlights understanding art style and use of color makeing up
__label__AVIATION rank sgt/e-5 non- commissioned rank sgt/e-5 non- commissioned officer in charge brigade mail room summary motivated logistics specialist successful at managing inventory control customer service and transportation logistics. excellent problem solving and interpersonal skills. managed and accounted for over 100 million of military munitions with zero errors. monthly inventories of multiple warehouses. reconciled daily issue and turn-in paperwork of customer units. consistently recognized for excellence in that field. successfully opened developed and maintained a consolidated mail facility servicing more than 5 000 soldiers. with no prior experience was able to quickly learn and comply with all military and federal regulations and handled certified registered and insured mail with 100 accuracy. key qualifications current secret clearance stock control management conflict resolution logistics leadership highlights inventory tracking clear and concise communication flexible with availability highly adaptable to a variety of situations and personalities constant desire to learn. strive to be the subject matter expert gaining customer trust positive upbeat attitude accomplishments as the non-commissioned officer in charge of day to day operations for the 4th combat aviation brigade mail room was directly responsible for ensuring it s perfect 100 pick up record from september 5 2012 - april 17 2015. tracked and verified by the official
__label__HEALTHCARE key account manager summary key account manager summary accomplished pharmaceutical and medical device senior sales specialists with over 25 years of experience. proven track record in prospecting consultive sales new business development and customer retention. proficient in sales presentations intoducing and detailing products and conducting in services with physicians staff c-suite and or technicians. keen ability to identify customer needs provide solutions and utilize well developed skills to close business. highly motivated enthusiastic and committed to exceeding expectations. highlights pharmaceutical specialty sales strategic account management new product launches managed care key account management medical device sales key opinion leader development accomplishments 07 08 09 10 awarded regional performance fund for outstanding sales and work ethic consistent achievers award 25 out of 25 years 2003-2004 winner of the tactical action unit of the year award 2005 member of the region of the year 4-time divisional product contest award winner 2012- finished top 3 experience january 2011 to april 2015 key account manager responsible for the accounts management of 40 hospitals and medical centers. developed physician and kol s relationships to expand territory growth. provide on site product expertise and consultation to pediatric urologists while in or. assigned as district leader in training and consulting in
__label__SALES sales associate summary assertive sales associate summary assertive outgoing professional with ability to work independently and handle simultaneous projects. a dependable worker while skilled in problem solving troubleshooting great customer service and computer skills. my computer skills include microsoft office/internet search engines to complete medical terminology and pharmacology verification. inside sales department successfully managing multiple sales associates. accurate and efficient with orders. maintained filing for the inside sales office. highlights self-directed excellent communication skills resourceful time management invoice processing advanced clerical knowledge pleasant demeanor understands grammar experience sales associate 01/2005 to 01/2012 responsible for booking appointments marketing plan and providing solutions for healthcare sales consultant 11/1996 to 10/2004 responsible for booking appointments creating relationships with clients and delivering products for the healthcare market sales department/data entry 10/1992 to 07/1994 provided data entry for invoicing quoting and general sales reports for multiple sales representatives filing for the sales department. travel agent 08/1990 to 09/1992 responsible for booking airline hotel car rental and leisure. education medical transcription 2013 at-home-professions usa associate of arts 1985 st. gregory s college usa executive secretary oklahoma university usa
__label__ARTS dental hygienist professional summary dental hygienist professional summary i am a dedicated and energetic dental hygienist with a total of sixteen years experience in the dental profession. my focus has always been to provide exceptional patient care counseling and motivation to each of my patients. i have experience with patients of all ages including those that are medically compromised. i am enthusiastic about dental health and enjoy educating patients as well as dental staff members on dental care and hygiene. licenses of florida registered dental hygienist skill highlights nutritional counseling oral cancer screenings smoking cessation preventative care soft tissue management dentrix dental software digital radiographs professional experience dental hygienist september 2015 to current - provide optimal dental hygiene care for every patient reinforce oral hygiene instructions to every patient and each appointment educate patients on their periodontal status treatment possibilities potential surgical restorative or cosmetic procedures that may possibly be needed. educate patients on the benefits of preventative care such as fluoride and sealants. dental hygienist february 2008 to august 2014 - assess patients oral health conditions review dental and medical histories dental charting periodontal assessment and treatment soft tissue management administer local antibiotics fabricate bleaching trays and occlusal guards schedule patient appointments. dental
__label__AVIATION aircraft sales professional summary aircraft sales professional summary i expect to associate myself with a professionally driven well-respected organization by pursuing a challenging responsible dynamic and rewarding career and applying my academic knowledge expertise skills and enthusiasm which will assist my career development and contribute effectively to the progress of the organization and our society as well. areas of expertise include investigative policy research and statistical analysis proven ability to interact effectively with employee and the public in a professional manner. great team leader with strong organizational skills and formidable work ethic. seventeen years construction management experience with industrial and commercial construction jobs valued from four million to hundreds of millions of dollars. last six years of construction as an owner operator of an industrial welding company. retired from ironworkers local union 118 sacramento on december 7 2001. went back to school to utah valley university in 2005 received a bachelor degree as a professional pilot and a master s degree from arizona university on december 19 2012 with a master s of science technology aviation management human factors . supervisory skills able to multitask in different areas crew resource managementgroup team leader aviation research and statistical analysis task oriented to help improve safety
__label__BANKING financial analyst intern skills financial analyst intern skills financial planning analysis analytical skills forecasting portfolio wealth management financial reporting business analysis financial consulting quantitative analysis market research financial modelling project management strategy operations risk management corporate finance global finance product management slabware quickbooks busy ls microsoft office microsoft excel mutual funds alternate investments real estate funds mortgages consumer loans insurance microsoft powerpoint microsoft access microsoft outlook experience 05/2017 to 08/2017 financial analyst intern augmented profits by 25 by conducting a detailed financial analysis and refining the budgets and forecasts. analyzed financial reports to make recommendations for revenue generation and cost reduction. reduced 30 costs by designing financial process tools and implementing pricing strategies for process improvement. spearheaded and led due diligence for acue marmonite s international projects in india identifying key risk factors and forecasting investment viability and educated the senior management about the project npv. developed innovative financial tools to simplify business requirement documentation brd s which helped record-keeping understanding client business and expanding client relationships. 11/2015 to 07/2016 manager retail banking - affluent business. amplified the high net worth client portfolio from usd 16 million to usd 18 million in less than 9 months. recommended customized product portfolios to high net worth
__label__ADVOCATE customer advocate professional summary customer advocate professional summary customer care professional pursuing a position in an organization seeking an ardent problem solver demonstrating immense levels of initiative whilst providing compassionate customer service with over 4 years of customer relations experience. eagerly ready to submerge into gaining new skills while utilizing the skills i have acquired throughout my career to help propel this to new heights. recently earned recognizing you award for device upgrade sales incentive for customer service. exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for 6 months in a row. excelled in surpassing daily target brand debit and credit card sales and product protection/replacement plans goals. cashiered with multiple apos windows at once in tandem to maximize customer flow and productivity. experience 03/2015 to current customer advocate achieved customer satisfaction rating of 9.80 two months after training exceeding corporate target of 9.20. collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication. built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. 12/2014 to 03/2015 teller i helped customers
__label__HR general hr assistant/office assistant general hr assistant/office assistant summary effective communicator and team leader with excellent time management skills. familiar with daily office operations and experienced in diffusing staffing issues to ensure all activities are completed in an expeditious manner. an independent worker. effective organization planning oral and written communication skills able to multi task and meet deadlines efficiently and accurately. microsoft office programs and other computerized business systems. highlights new hire orientation exceptional interpersonal skills personnel records maintenance inventory control staff training supervision and training accomplishments promoted to call center manager in 1 year . researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. experience august 2010 to february 2016 general hr assistant/office assistant greet and screen patients visitors and staff via telephone or in person for the medical department and its related programs and answer inquires. provide quality service that meets the needs of patients and clients as well as other customers - payers families referrers and staff. general clerical duties including photocopying fax and mailing maintains inventory of medical supplies and instruments and maintain electronic and hard copy filing system.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT assistant to business development assistant to business development administrator professional profile organized administrative professional with hands-on experience supporting business areas such as real-estate finance database management customer service and human resources. collaborative team player with strong communication decision-making and time management abilities. qualifications able to meet performance and outcome goals create and maintain employer and client databases and files effectively identify client needs through good judgment and interview techniques maintain updated case notes on each client provide assistance and guidance relating to the interview process conduct employer outreach as needed conduct follow-up evaluations with client and employer develop job opportunities and act as a liaison between client and the employer maintain timely documentation and reports according to stated guidelines provide referrals to community partners conduct program presentations detail oriented flexible and reliable relevant experience managed major office relocation with only one day of downtime. experience assistant to business development administrator january 2016 to current updated employee paperwork and records. greeted visitors promptly and directed to correct locations. scheduled appointments and maintained master calendar. wrote professional business correspondence. drafted internal documents and memoranda. prioritized project components and organized scopes. liaised directly with customers to meet needs and maintain satisfaction. office and sales manager november 2013
__label__FITNESS professional fitness trainer group professional fitness trainer group instructor professional summary my professional experience includes professional fitness trainer requiring leadership and exceptional people skills. certified by the national exercise and sports training association nesta and certified trx trainer and kettlebell trainer. versed in various strength agility group and private training sessions as well as specializing in high performance sports and weight loss regimens. office manager requiring management experience and superior customer service skills. scheduling appointments insurance billing phone skills accounting product sales and inventory and creating a caring and friendly environment are some of the skills involved on a daily basis. massage therapist with customer relations as well as customer comfortability and trustworthiness are important skills necessary to be successful. specializing in deep tissue sports and swedish massage. membership management with management experience in organizing updating and facilitating memberships for members of the ymca. restaurant hostess with skills including phones reservations and customer service. experience professional fitness trainer group instructor february 2015 to current my current employment at wellfit malibu as a fitness professional i lead group and private classes. classes at wellfit malibu include hiit high intensity interval training strength training kick boxing circuit training plyometrics and agility training aqua fitness and restorative
__label__HR hr manager professional summary hr manager professional summary senior hr professional with a continuous improvement approach to building and supporting organizations. driven hr manager bringing an innovative approach to human resource management while creating a team-driven environment that fosters room for development and growth. dedicated hr professional with strong grasp of employment laws compliance issues and benefits plans. successfully introduces process improvements and staff-development initiatives to drive corporate goal attainment. creative business partner dedicated to developing unique employee orientation and training programs that will generate a loyal and knowledgeable staff. skills administrative adp backup benefits bookkeeping clarify competitive customer service database delivery documentation employee relations filing government hr human resources human resource insurance job analysis labor relations law enforcement team building letters market meetings mail office payroll processing payroll personnel policies processes project management proposal quality recruiting recruitment safety strategy employee handbooks vendor management vendor management vision year-end work history hr manager 06/2016 to current developed and evolved the department s mission workflows and structure while continuously developing and improving processes in an ever-changing environment. implemented the s first sourcing tracking system. built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy allowing me to fill 50+ positions in a period of 9 months. cut cost per hire
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary self-motivated accountant accountant summary self-motivated accountant offering a strong work ethic and determination to complete tasks in a timely manner. accurate and detail-oriented with extensive auditing and finance knowledge. highlights complex problem solving strong communication skills expert in customer relations portfolio management a proficient in microsoft office microsoft excel expert risk management expertise financial statement analysis general ledger accounting accomplishments achieved an internal audit score of 95 . promoted to auditor after just 3 months of employment. boosted quality ratings by 85 by developing new processes and improving work flow. experience accountant current to september 2014 prepare unpaid reports on actual expenses for marketing line of business. create and maintain pending and process able database. prepare and setup vendor purchase orders contracts as well as crx templates. verify funding and sap project code against the most recent budget/forecast submission. key invoices into epurchase system as well as approve and reconcile invoices. track invoices from submission to payment on database. monitor invoice central mailbox that will include invoice submission by marketers purchase order request. respond to marketing or other internal staff inquiries regarding vendor invoices and templates as well as analytical request. special projects as required. accounting coordinator associate august 2011 to may
__label__AVIATION front desk attendant summary front desk attendant summary graduated bridgewater university in may 2015 with a bachelor s degree in aviation management and recently started the mba aviation program at embry-riddle aeronautical university at the worldwide campus with a concentration on international business. highlights double citizenship american and brazilian. excellent english communication skills problem solving abilities decisive critical thinking business systems analysis interests aviation enthusiast and commercial pilot licensed by both anac and faa. languages bilingual portuguese/english experience front desk attendant 05/2015 to 10/2015 fbo business. direct service to private airplanes. marshaling fueling and towing of aircraft. airline operations agent 05/2014 to 07/2014 aircraft transit coordinator. dispatchment of aircraft. cargo operations. ramp agent 12/2013 to 05/2014 kept records of room availability and guests accounts manually or using computers. assisted guests with any special requests during their visits. performed bookkeeping activities such as balancing accounts and conducting nightly audits. education bachelor of science aviation management may 2015 bridgewater university united states aviation management concentration with in-depth knowledge of standard airline operations. mba aviation international business present embry-riddle aeronautical university united states aviation international business study and strategic planning for international operations of aviation related business added to core business courses. skills aviation management flight of
__label__ARTS volunteer summary i am volunteer summary i am a student with passion for making difference in the world. i believe that the world is always changing and moving forward and requires motivated people to help lead the way. i enjoy investing my time into amazing opportunities that helps me to grow as a professional and as a person while helping to create opportunities and benefits for others. i believe that it is important to invest in the resources you have as well as to invest your time in an organization even if that meant not benefiting from it at all. experience volunteer july 2010 to current certified as an emergency medical technician emt-b served as a member since july 2010 as a cadet qualified in providing cpr by the american heart association at healthcare provider level qualified in providing first aid and other treatment as per protocol for emt-b set by the squad and the of new jersey reporting to crew chief with responsibility for doing the ambulance check and insuring their is no shortage of supplies on the rig responsible for assisting crew in providing care to patient at scene enroute to hospital and at the hospital until care has been appropriately transferred
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant professional summary it consultant professional summary highly qualified electronics engineering technician with training and experience in electrical and mechanical systems. demonstrated ability to read schematic diagrams and use appropriate test equipment to troubleshoot equipment and manufactured products. excellent at contributing to team and project success by sharing acquired knowledge and using strong interpersonal communication skills to encourage high-level performance. proficient in installing maintaining calibrating configuring and troubleshooting. a stellar work ethic with the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment. skills preventive and reparative maintenance troubleshooting mechanical systems testing soldering and wiring installation hardware diagnostics time management cost estimation operation system software microsoft office project management staff management advanced critical thinking technical support work history it consultant 04/2016 to current discussed project progress with customers collected feedback on different stages and directly addressed concerns. coordinated with owner to evaluate and improve software and hardware interfaces. documented all software development methodologies in technical manuals to be used by c ompany employees in future projects. inspected equipment and assessed functionality and optimized controls. supported chief operating officer with daily operational functions. adjusted software parameters to boost performance and incorporate new features for meeting customer needs. responded to customer requests via telephone and email and
__label__FINANCE finance officer professional summary finance officer professional summary to attain a full-time position in the accounting and finance field where i can utilize the concepts i have learned and the experience i have gained to add value to the company. 25 years of work experience. fields of expertise include government accounting auditing and budget management. assigned as finance officer and acting bureau of internal revenue representative for 8 years at the philippine consulate general san francisco. succeeded in increasing bir income tax collections by 500 . 17 years with the philippine department of tourism as an administrative and finance officer. responsible for finance budget management. outstanding organization skills and excellent communication skills. detail oriented and dependable team player. skills work history finance officer 01/1997 to 04/2014 managed working funds of the office. maintained general ledger of the office. reconciled sub-ledgers to general ledger account. reviewed financial status to ensure there are no discrepancies. prepared monthly financial statements such as reports of disbursement liquidation report and bank reconciliation. prepared annual budget analysis and proposal. prepared bi-monthly payroll to four staff. reviewed and processed accounts payables. assisted internal auditors during audits. researched accounting and audit issues and complied accordingly with generally accepted accounting principles. maintained and
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer professional summary graphic designer professional summary hi there as a designer with a strong passion for this profession and excellent qualification i am seeking to align myself with your for strong growth. the range of my experiences include anything from editorial and packaging designs marketing and advertising promotional products and people and developing conceptual designs. my southern heritage and style is reflected in my designs and personality. i have the will to succeed and the motivation to progress as a better creative leader. with this noted i would like to submit my resume to your company. i believe upon your review you will come to see that i place all my passion and energy in my performance. you will recognize from my innovated ideas that i am a good candidate for your position. more of my greatest strengths essential and consistent are extensive expertise in adobe and windows softwares. precise attention to details comfortable managing and working within a group. punctuality and professionalism with strong customer service experience. strong record of being responsible for marketing campaigns design teams and event coordinating. enthusiastic dedicated problem solver. for the past five years i have been studying and working with visual arts graphic designs marketing
__label__FINANCE director finance and fp director finance and fp a executive profile i m a senior finance leader who thrives when working closely with the executive team in removing obstacles to directing the beyond targeted growth. early in my career i learned the value of looking beyond how things are currently done in order to continually search for how we can do things better. working in cooperation with senior leadership throughout the organization my finance teams are built with this focus and the results are enhanced analytics and dynamic reporting tools. skill highlights leadership forecasting accounting financial analysis / reporting strategic financial planning operations management data development process improvement functional integration budget creation tool / system development team building / management system integrations cost control mergers acquisitions project management turnarounds/restructurings international hyperion essbase hyperion enterprise hyperion retrieve ms access ms excel ms powerpoint ms word filemaker minitab storm wordperfect 4d fas 1000 strategen accpac boss business objects daly wolcott great plain dynamics lawson macpac oneglobe oracle peoplesoft quickbooks sap magnitude tms nsimms monarch razorsight sage sql strategen small business development project management leadership/communication skills business operations organization budgeting expertise self-motivated customer-oriented professional experience director finance and fp a a.t. cross has a 169 year tradition
__label__ARTS rda professional summary i rda professional summary i am a very dependable hardworking team player. i get along easily with all types of people. as i pursue my career as a dental assistant i am looking for an experienced level position while i renew my rda license. licenses x-ray certified certifications pending rda coronal polish and pit and fissure sealant invisalign certified dental skills 4-handed dentistry preventative care instrument sterilization diagnostic x-rays infection control ortho emergency treatments prosthetics/restorations prep for oral surgery bleaching trays casts/impressions patient education chairside skills prepare tray setups for dental procedures. obtain dental records prior to appointments. prepare patients for procedures - ensure comfort and develop trust calm distressed patients instruct patients on postoperative and general oral health care. oversee cleanliness of operatories and instruments insure safe/sanitary conditions using the autoclave ultrasonic and dry heat instrument sterilization assist dentist with extractions fillings rcts implants crown preps assist hygiene and srp cases general office skills eaglesoft dentrix open dental microsoft office exceptional phone etiquette scheduling professional experience 03/2014 to 04/2015 rda coordinated appointment schedules for both the dentist and oral surgeon. routinely completed inventory supply orders and restocked supplies. greeted and prepared patients for dental examinations. properly sterilized dental equipment and
__label__SALES sales associate experience 04/2016 sales associate experience 04/2016 to current sales associate help customers with their pet problems and assist them in choosing the right products for their pets. 06/2014 to 08/2014 office secretary organized a storage area full of papers and transferred them into the computer for easier access. helped run errands for my co-workers and my boss. 02/2014 to 04/2014 waitress waited on customers and cleaned necessary thing as instructed. assisted in the preparation of some dishes. education and training 2017 high school diploma communication arts graphic/advertising design edward r. murrow high school took various media classes such as graphic design and multimedia design am looking into majoring in advertising or graphic design languages i am fluent in two languages english russian. i know basic lines in french and can read some works in french. skills can use photoshop and illustrator. i can use a computer very well.
__label__CHEF banquet chef professional summary banquet chef professional summary to whom it may concern please accept this letter as my application for the position of executive chef. i am an ambitious and well rounded chef who is able to lead from the front by setting following and delivering the highest culinary standards. i possess a passion for excellence and always strive hard to im- prove standards and guest satisfaction. my goal as executive chef is to provide the club members with an experience that exceeds there expectations. i believe that is accomplished by using the highest quality food product keeping within the food budget and assembling the best possible culinary brigade to meet the members needs. i standardize my recipes to maintain consistency and always demonstrate what is ex- pected for each dish concerning portion size proper cooking techniques and presentation. my management style is fair firm and friendly but with high expectations also i consider my self to be proactive in running the kitchen. i delegate people according to their strengths but rotate them seasonally to different stations to help them in their professional development and increas- ing flexibility in the kitchen staff. i train the wait staff on the menu by letting them
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY subject matter expert information subject matter expert information technology assistant qualifications sap hp alm network configuration database management document management troubleshooting / resolution system development execution end-user training end-user training customer service website maintenance mac autocad relevant experience recognized as 1 of top 4 agents promoted twice for excellent customer service experience subject matter expert information technology assistant september 2013 to current responsibilities -sap data validation and population for real estate fixed asset and plant maintenance modules -assist support and coordinate with missions to create database/ sap ids for testing / enrichment of loaded data. -validate data extracted from legacy databases. -communicate with missions to confirm/ clarify submitted data. -assist in extraction and validation of mission data -create automated data validation spreadsheets/templates -prepare data for upload into umoja performing required calculations and adjustments. -run lsmw s in order to upload entities data into sap during conversion process. -validate data loaded into umoja. -run reports and edit mission data in sap. -create manuals guidlines instructions and cheat sheets for data conversion and testing processes -develop excel spreadsheets to calculate and show the statistics of reoccurring problems. -prepare test scenarios in hp/alm and populate the input data accordingly. -coordinate with other functional teams for the preparation
__label__AVIATION electrician professional summary technically electrician professional summary technically sophisticated aviation electrician with 20 years of experience on large-scale electronic systems troubleshooting installation calibration and maintenance repair within the united states navy. in-depth knowledge of aircraft avionics electrical and electronic technologies. consistent record of achievement in project management dramatically improving system operating efficiency and reliability. productive team contributor successfully delivering concurrent projects under tight deadlines. skills troubleshooting problem resolution avionics systems electrical components aircraft instruments process change and implementation goal attainment maintenance management project management quality assurance team leadership and training inspections deadline adherence secret clearance collateral duty inspector schematics experience electrician february 2017 to current responsible for inspection testing and maintenance of electrical electronic and hvac systems on rolling stock equipment in accordance with fra and amtrak standards and guidelines. service technician february 2016 to february 2017 repair recondition service and maintain uninteruptable power supply systems and other power systems related components. troubleshoot and diagnose malfunctions of the complete power systems. electrical work center supervisor/1st lieutenant supervisor july 2014 to february 2016 supervises 13 personnel performing scheduled and unscheduled maintenance on flight control instrumentation navigation and electrical systems on 17 f/a-18c/d/e/f and 3 ea-18g aircraft. supervises 9 sailors responsible for the daily upkeep of
__label__DESIGNER floral designer summary i floral designer summary i am a retail floral designer who is energetic outgoing and detail-oriented. i can handle multiple responsibilities simultaneously while providing exceptional customer service. i have been in floral sales for 13 years and in other avenues of retail sales for over 20 years. i am a driven and results-focused professional seeking a position in a in which i can share my talents. experience 10/2014 to 01/2015 plan arrangement according to client s requirements utilizing knowledge of design and properties of materials or select appropriate standard design pattern. cheerfully assisted staff to have a productive and festive holiday season. resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service. greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. attended sales seminar to learn techniques for increasing sales for each order.suggestive selling. floral designer 01/2006 to 09/2014 open store in morning. filing sales receipts taking phone orders collecting orders from teleflora dove system. confer with clients and giving quality customer service regarding price and type of floral arrangement or gourmet fruit basket desired and the date time and place of delivery. trim material and arrange bouquets wreaths terrariums and other items using trimmers shapers wire pins floral tape foam and other
__label__SALES sales career focus sales sales career focus sales and marketing expertise includes over 15 years in the atlanta real estate industry with professional awards and multi million dollars in sales volume yearly. as an independent contractor i managed all aspects of sales marketing human resources advertising and tax accountability with one assistant. i have also been the business manager part time for a local bicycle store a well as working full time building clientele for a major retailer and iconic internationally recognized cosmetics firm. skills sales strong problem solving and team building skills computer proficient affinity for concise but thorough record keeping internet and social media saavy goal oriented with counter business model ready for creative staffing and event idea execution good interpersonal awareness/ open to persuasive communication and coaching awareness of client needs/interests as well as upper ideas for development and management goals professional experience sales 01/2007 08/2015 savoir faire and chanel atelier academy graduate macys my client award develop for clientele and marketing strategy to increase staff productivity and volume. maintained client log of over 500 contacted through email text and voice on a weekly basis and by appointment. host dynamic social media networking page/website for clients up to the minute information.
__label__CHEF assistant chef highlights microsoft assistant chef highlights microsoft word excel powerpoint and access experience may 2015 to current assistant chef oct 2008 to nov 2011 developed and prepared meals. coordinated with manager and supervised kitchen staff. communicated with clients to fulfill their needs. financial aid office assistant jun 2013 to jun 2015 developed excel projects for budgeting calculating student needs etc. evaluated and processed numerous documents daily. performed data entry. consulted with students and assisted with financial aid documents. education bachelor of science finance cpa eligible business june 2017 portland university gpa gpa 3.84 gpa 3.66 finance cpa eligible gpa 3.84 gpa 3.66 business associate of science december 2014 portland community college gpa gpa 3.89 president s list gpa 3.89 president s list languages fluent in english and spanish conversational french skills budgeting clients data entry fluent in english financial conversational french access excel powerpoint microsoft word spanish
__label__DESIGNER principle designer / owner principle designer / owner professional summary interior designer with a distinct understanding of spatial theory who harbors an exceptional design instinct and is uniquely attuned to the importance of materiality lighting composition and the overall design process. core qualifications drafting space planning interior architectural detailing color and material application proficient with furniture systems concept development proficient in autocad graphic presentations product specifications skills 3d approach art agency autocad basic budgets budget color concept concept development content council client clients direction documentation drafting fast floor plans graphic hvac instructor interior design interior design lighting access window plumbing presentations design process space planning specification teaching vision written accomplishments lighting designer and project manager for david a mintz inc. a former may consulting firm. developed and designed all lighting for robinson-may fashion valley mall and foley s scottsdale fashion square mall. assisted in the development and design of various hecht s kaufmann s strawbridge s and lord and taylor department store lighting while simultaneously completing and meeting all deadlines for several large-scale successful projects. successfully completing graduate school by i writing thesis underlining the theoretical concept of spatial theory. experience 08/2011 to current principle designer / owner designed floor plans elevations and 3d
__label__BANKING v/p commercial relationship manager v/p commercial relationship manager summary accomplished loan officer who consistently exceeds sales goals while offering the utmost care in client relations. excited and motivated to help customers build successful financial futures. highlights sales expertise bottom line loanmaster loan servicing excellent communicator analytical excellent time management detail-oriented accomplishments received annual pinnacle award for 120 closed loan rate. 20013 20012. implemented several strategies that successfully increased sales and improved client retention rates. continue to improve and develop a strong middle market customer base. experience v/p commercial relationship manager march 2014 to current i am responsible for acquiring and retaining a portfolio of commercial banking clients with annual revenue of 2 million to 20 million. i conduct relationship review meetings where opportunities are identified for commercial loan and deposit products traditional banking capital management and brokerage services. as a commercial relationship manager i am responsible for developing customized client strategies that effectively develop relationships and ensure attainment of loan deposit revenue and new households. this role has day-to-day responsibility for the delivery of superior client service operational integrity and adherence to bank policy as well as all federal and regulations. i manage an assigned loan portfolio ensuring all documentation is in place and
__label__AVIATION plant fulfillment leader summary plant fulfillment leader summary dedicated leader with comprehension manufacturing materials and inventory experience. demonstrated the ability to train manage and motivate team members to achieve organizational goals and objectives. highlights strategic planning lean manufacturing practices site safety operational management regulatory compliance training and development procurement and inventory control budgeting and cost reduction experience plant fulfillment leader 11/2015 to current provide manufacturing leadership in the developing planning and implementing of the master schedule. act on all matters pertaining to schedules customer status and inventory. translate prepare and assign meaningful and functional productivity plans to meet established master schedules for customers. assist in the calculation of detailed schedules for equipment materials and manpower with respect to schedule needs versus resource capabilities. work to control inventory levels cycle time machine loads and other aspects as required to meet schedules. coordinate production control specialists. interface between customers and shops for prioritization of shop load to meet customer demands. interface with suppliers/vendors to assure realistic and timely delivery of hardware to meet schedule requirements. develop plan and manage programs to meet ge purchasing commitments to sourcing. manage purchase orders between shop and vendors. coordinate all production teams material status production priorities and delivery commitments. effectively
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant professional summary staff accountant professional summary i am currently a graduate student in masters of science in finance management and it and a cpa candidate with expected completion by the end of 2017. i am an accounting and finance professional with 4+ years extensive experience in full financial statement reporting month end closures review of g l balance sheet and statement of revenue and expenses and financial risk assessment as well as budget analysis and various reconciliations. core qualifications working capital management financial modeling end of the month closing budget analysis bookkeeping grant accounting/ grant reporting and budget modeling account payables/receivables aging reporting analysis excel outlook knowledgeable in microsoft dynamics proficient in fundez proficient in quickbooks quick learner results-oriented financial records and processing experience 02/2015 to 06/2016 staff accountant full charge bookkeeper report and provide assistance directly to the cfo/controller on all finance and accounting matter such as board financial meeting preparation financial statement reporting g/l reconciliation monthly balance sheet reconciliation statement or position and cash flows analysis revenue audition according to grants agreements operation budget and expenses analysis maintaining all aspects of accounting such as ar ap revenue and deferred revenue recognition adjusting entries depreciation schedule grants budget monitoring. conducted analysis
__label__ADVOCATE registered nurse clinical care registered nurse clinical care coordinator- first aid professional background to obtain a position as a registered nurse where my experience and leadership skills can be utilized to provide a positive and effective team environment resulting in excellent patient care and satisfaction. able to quickly adapt to new environments and newborn education situations. specimen collection/processing proficiency effectively able to triage critical situations. excellent communication skills between multiple exceeds and performs well in difficult situations. parties. extensive experience in efficiently managing strong medical ethic people. sound ethical and independent decision-making disciplined energetic employee who quickly ability consistent with medical protocols. establishes rapport with patients and colleagues. professional experience 05/2015 to current registered nurse clinical care coordinator- first aid provided leadership to staff through coaching mentoring and remodeling in order to achieve high quality patient care in a safe and customer focused environment provided clinical expertise and a resource to clinical staff. worked closely with management physician leadership and staff to optimize patient flow and improve patient care. provided emergency/urgent care to cubs staff and patrons including wound care patient triage applying splints and assessment of injuries. provided emergency/urgent care to cubs staff and patrons including wound care patient triage applying splints and
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior construction project manager senior construction project manager summary construction manager successful at finding cost-effective solutions to the various challenges that arise during residential and commercial construction. highlights permit processing building codes and regulations safe job site set-up site safety coordinator organized and detail-oriented baseline schedules creation ms office proficient project budgeting cost control superb management skills accomplishments managed a amount project while supervising a team of number workers. led the construction of a new number home construction project. trained and mentored over number construction workers general laborers and apprentices. experience senior construction project manager 08/2015 to 05/2016 directed construction projects with budgets up to 5m working alongside usaf usace and nasa clients along with vendors consultants and technical specialists. prepared and provided schedule progress reports and analysis on a bi-monthly basis. contributed to the planning scheduling of assignments cost engineering procurement of equipment and materials along with budget administration and application for payment requests. supervised civil infrastructure scope of work including bot not limited to structural foundation modification to existing piles perimeter footings stem walls and new foundations for new structures and equipment along with installation electrical conduit and mechanical piping systems. provided the supervision of various subcontractors including but not limited to
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology project manager information technology project manager system analysis sysanalsys gs-2210-12 professional overview highly-qualified department of defense dod program manager pm professional driven to maximize mission partner mp operational efficiency through planning project management and infrastructure technology it expertise. excels at building dynamic team relationships and achieves project management process improvements. looking to continue federal career as a strategic planner possessing exceptional knowledge understanding support agreements basis of estimates fiscal analysis financial reporting cost projections business proposals and increased overall responsibilities within federal service. relevant professional experience january 2010 to current information technology project manager system analysis sysanalsys gs-2210-12 holds active security clearance member of the development and business center for defense logistics agency dla defense finance and accounting service dfas program management office pmo as well as the mission partner engagement office mpeo /engagement executive ee team bdm11 . principle job duties engage with various disa mission partners to provide critical it requirement proficiency and project management support leveraging the disa end-to-end e-2-e business flow process positioned as the disa program manager for dla s dynamic and complex enterprise business systems ebs test and development td environment which generates 39 million in annual revenue for the agency also serving as the primary
__label__SALES sales career overview executive sales career overview executive assistant who is skilled at multi-tasking and maintaining a strong attention to detail. employs professionalism and superior communication skills to meet client and needs. skill highlights time management meticulous attention to detail microsoft office proficiency invoice processing travel administration scheduling self-starter meeting planning core accomplishments calendaring planned all meetings and travel for ceo. scheduling facilitated onboarding of new employees by scheduling training answering questions and processing paperwork. process improvement oversaw implementation of new phone system which resulted in more cost-effective service. research investigated any necessary information for proper billing for insurance companies patients and dmes such as proper billing codes. data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions. multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. reporting maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects. planning arranged scheduled and coordinated all logistics and travel itineraries for staff of 10 employees. ensured staff was equipped with all necessary supplies and collateral for long distance travel.
__label__CHEF premium club chef executive premium club chef executive profile creative desire for perfection dedication to the profession and the art while at the same time effectively balance profitability.twenty three years professional experience as a dynamic resourceful and skilled chef with a proven success record in many dynamic venues and assignments. skill highlights food cost control specialist special dietary needs expert proven leadership skills skillful kitchen staff trainer international culinary skills strong customer relationship builder core accomplishments consistently stayed under monthly controllable expense budget. adjusted monthly menus to maximize use of seasonal local ingredients and delicacies. drove food costs down by 23 by effectively improving inventory procedures and reducing spoilage levels. created and explored new cuisines. oversaw kitchen employee operations to ensure production levels and service standards were maintained. professional experience premium club chef 01/2014 to current directly responsible for food and labor costs menu development recipe creation and standardization of recipe production to ensure consistency. promote positive public relations with guests. oversee a fine dining venue that seats 300 offering an ala carte menu and a daily chef s table an all-inclusive area with guest seating of 240 and a daily chef s table a fast casual venue that seats 140 as well as
__label__BANKING business banking specialist summary business banking specialist summary over 9 years experience supervising cross-functional sales teams complex employee training strategic account management executive level collaboration and creating customer-centric programs. facilitating training -- trained 600 employees quarterly and annually on sales and conflict management. project management -- directed all sales operations training and marketing for over 100 events per year. business sales -- exceeded 794 of business sales goals closing 1.2 million in product sales and surpassed 400 of annual sales goals due to innovative customer engagement in less than 35 days. tech startups -- 8 years consulting and managing tech/startup businesses converting client liabilities into assets and designing customer-centric engagement programs while facilitating employee engagement. professional development -- tactical approach to innovative teambuilding in-depth understanding of cultivating long-term business partnerships and motivational speaking. core qualifications empowering motivational public speaker microsoft suite proficient outlook excel publisher power point word etc. google suite analytics docs calendar gmail etc. deploying executing scalable training programs strategic client-facing engagement dynamic sales presenter high energy facilitator complex account management multi-project management in fast-paced environments innovative professional development collaborative/team leader professional experience business banking specialist june 2014 to current exceeded 794 of quarterly business sales goals 1.2 million in products and
__label__TEACHER teacher farrah m. bauman teacher farrah m. bauman professional summary a position as an adjunct teacher/professor with major responsibilities that will effectively utilize my experience and training in coordination with my communication leadership and organizational skills. teacher certified by the of south carolina to teach all general sciences. a motivator experienced in teaching physical science chemistry and medical microbiology. excellent organizational skills proficient with all microsoft applications and grade and attendance keeping software. a position as department chair with major responsibilities that will effectively utilize my experience and training in coordination with my communication leadership and organizational skills. teacher certified by the of south carolina to teach all general sciences. a motivator experienced in teaching physical science chemistry and medical microbiology. excellent organizational skills proficient with all microsoft applications and grade and attendance keeping software. skills national board certified ap bio certified 2015 ap chem certified summer 2017 trained in educating at-risk youth teacher mentor national board grader classroom discipline positive learning environment self-motivated work history teacher 02/2003 to current teach medical microbiology chemistry and physical science 9 through 12 grades. keep grade books input grade information into igpro grade keeping system. responsible for detailed weekly lesson plans parent correspondence. active with homecoming and
__label__TEACHER teacher professional summary an teacher professional summary an experienced human resource training professional with demonstrated success in developing delivering and evaluating corporate training programs 2+ years of work with newly developed tools for rapid e-learning development. special skills in online training for a variety of audiences. recognized for alignment of training solutions with business goals management of project and people process improvement needs analysis and training evaluation. core qualifications microsoft words outlook internet powerpoint addie model microsoft office adobe photoshop audacity sound booth moodle adobecs5 captivate adobe premier flash blackboard 9.1 peoplesoft experience january 2013 to january 2016 teacher performed regular classroom instruction based on a departmentalized third grade curriculum. maintained a classroom environment conducive to learning. conducted conferences with parents monitored and evaluated student progress developed curriculum prepared goals and objectives created lesson plans. january 2009 to january 2013 instructional designer designed developed training programs and curriculum. digital learning technology. addie model training specialist. administration workforce morale training specialist. january 2007 to january 2009 employment training development manager worked in a virtual environment created blended learning solutions that helped move circuit stores to an enthusiasm for e-learning. learned a complex product and created face-to-face sales training materials on this product delivering within a
__label__ARTS project coordinator associate professional project coordinator associate professional summary ces talent management associate successful at designing company-wide onboarding orientation and mentoring programs. team-oriented training and development coordinator who efficiently develops training processes and procedures for human resources teams. skills new hire on-boarding training solutions development time management highly organized work history project coordinator associate 06/2014 to current wag ambassador team installation quality audit reports coordinate tracking the installation quality audit reports result - iqa audits are complete in less than five days. 9box revie coordinating a process to streamline common processes for the 9 box review for global off-highway customer engineering application engineers result - the new process is scheduled to be in place q1 2015 conferences and trainings coordinate the planning and logistics for conferences and trainings result - 99 of the participants of the tier 4 final training rated the training beneficial ucc ambassador support the team s learning and usage of new technology available such as cummins connect and outlook 365 result - have multiple trainings scheduled to help the team to learn about outlook the last week of october and first week of november support team support new hires and ensuring they receive training learning about the ccw environment and
__label__BANKING career senior executive service career senior executive service member / director finance systems and budget group executive profile accomplished highly respected executive with extensive public and private sector health care and financial management experience. proven ability to lead and mentor large and diverse teams build and maintain relationships that transcend corporate cultural and geographic boundaries and improve systems and processes to increase productivity profitability and customer satisfaction. excels in driving positive change and managing in ambiguous and transitional environments. p l policy development change management strategic planning process reengineering profit building negotiations restructuring startup transitional environments people project management skill highlights leadership/communication skills project management business operations organization client account management human resources budgeting expertise negotiations expert employee relations customer-oriented core accomplishments project management project management operations management staff development launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12 increase in productivity. managed operation . handled all functions related to program . initiated project which resulted in positive outcome . human resources spearheaded new program program which increased retention. initiated project which resulted in positive outcome . human resources spearheaded new program program which increased retention. professional experience career senior executive service member / director
__label__ADVOCATE service advocate recruiter summary service advocate recruiter summary responsible service advocate recruiter with excellent communication skills demonstrated by 6 years experience as a teacher/parent liaison. core qualifications excellent classroom management teaching tutoring and counseling experience working special needs students effectively work with parents proofreading/editing motivating students interactive teaching/learning innovative lesson planning positive atmosphere promotion behavioral/cognitive skills development html apa formatting copyediting fact checking wordpress microsoft excel proficiency strong communication skills microsoft word expertise extremely organized self motivated team player multitasking independent worker quick learner achievements goal setting established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students achieving a total understanding of grading rubric and overall class expectations. parent communication regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas. professional experience august 2014 to june 2015 service advocate recruiter use computers for various applications such as database management or word processing. answer telephones and give information to callers take messages or transfer calls to appropriate individuals. create maintain and enter information into databases. set up and manage paper or electronic filing systems recording information updating paperwork or maintaining documents such as attendance records correspondence or other material. operate office equipment such as fax machines copiers or phone systems and arrange for
__label__AVIATION planner/scheduler summary highly motivated planner/scheduler summary highly motivated effective communicator and problem solver. works well with team members and groups from diverse backgrounds. pursuing an exciting new career in the health field. highlights certified nurse assistant strong verbal communication skills strong written skills green belt qualified for lean sigma cpr certified microsoft office suite strong attention to detail effective time manager accomplishments achieved sailor of the year for nas oceana virginia beach va 1999 achieved 4 naval achievement medals advanced from field work for chevron coalinga to maintenance planner in under 1 year. experience planner/scheduler nov 2011 to jan 2015 - determine schedules sequences and assignments for work activities based on work priority quantity of equipment and skill of personnel. monitor employees work levels and review work performance. monitor tool and part inventories and the condition and maintenance of shops to ensure adequate working conditions. investigate accidents or injuries and prepare reports of findings. compile operational or personnel records such as time and production records inventory data repair or maintenance statistics or test results. develop implement or evaluate maintenance policies and procedures. conduct or arrange for worker training in safety repair or maintenance techniques operational procedures or equipment use. inspect and monitor work areas
__label__CHEF executive chef executive profile executive chef executive profile award winning executive chef with comprehensive experience in kitchen banquets and a-la-carte operations for hotels resorts and restaurants. culinary innovator known for producing top quality creative products contributing to revenue growth. proven ability to lead successful multi-outlets fine dining and high volume operations. expertise multi-outlet/high volume operations budgeting/p l management staff training/leadership/supervision sanitation and quality control creative menu development research service marketing experience price structuring and cost containment inventory/purchasing team building guest relations skill highlights leadership/communication skills product development menu development new product delivery budgeting expertise employee relations self-motivated customer-oriented staff training staff retention team building staff motivation cost controlling core accomplishments project management initiated inventory control system foodtrac which resulted in cost savings human resources spearheaded new cia culinary training program which increased retention. operations management managed food safety program. handled all functions related to food and beverage. professional experience executive chef 06/2003 to 01/2015 559.935.0717 flagship restaurant to promote harris ranch agricultural products food and beverage revenue 13 million 500 000 plus guest per year. concept gate to plate and farm to table seasonal menu changes based off local farm product and new beef items. three restaurants banquet facility and off site cater-out. created
__label__DESIGNER freelance graphic designer summary freelance graphic designer summary accomplished graphic designer with over 15 years experience in graphic design camera ready color separation layout editing research advertising public relations project manager photography web ad and logo design etc. excellent communication skills effective problem solver and multi-tasker 4-color separation fake color digital photography research and edit material for final publications detailed oriented always met deadlines proficient in organizing monitoring large projects effective spanish translator and interpreter excellent customer service and team player highlights mac windows platforms hardware scanners laser inkjet printers and large format color poster printers software adobe cs5 photoshop illustrator dreamweaver indesign flash acrobat pro 9.5 corel draw x6 photoshop elements 8 ms office and visio professional. adobe flash cs5.5 animation certification. cameras 35 mm and digital cameras canon rebel xti and sony f828 typing 80 experience freelance graphic designer 09/2008 to current logo designs color separation duotones book covers banners website buttons thesis portfolios brochures menus web design multimedia presentation pre-press illustration animation movie clips magazine covers etc. fine artist commission work in 2d illustration airbrushing charcoals oils acrylics etc. and 3d functional and decorative pottery and clay sculpture in cone 9 and raku . visual merchandising manager 10/2004 to 08/2008 created
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager summary information technology manager summary experienced information technology manager committed to maintaining innovative technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge. my excellent problem solving skills diagnostic ability and communication skills are assets that allow me to excel and adapt to virtually any situation. experience information technology manager 01/2007 to current responsible for maintaining budget and implementing all new technologies within the firm. integral part of technology team responsible for implementing and migrating accounting and billing system upgrade managed firewall network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site. recommended architectural improvements design solutions and integration solutions. trained members of it team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data circuits. ensured network system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades. managed migration from exchange 2003 to exchange 2010 manged migration from windows xp and office 2003 to windows 7 and office 2010 managed and deployed office 2010 to office 2013 upgrade managed migration from physical servers to vmware esxi virtual server environment responsible for managing all it related vendor and telecommunication contracts manage all it vendor relationships provided documentation on start-up shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff. implemented policies technical procedures and standards for
__label__FINANCE operations finance director summary operations finance director summary skilled financial professional with over twenty years of financial services industry and fifteen years of practical management experience.highly detail-oriented and organized. areas of expertise include conflict management customer service marketing and client interface. advanced training in risk assessments management controls and audit planning. highlights customer service schedule management project management strategic and financial planning expert mergers and acquisitions knowledge negotiations risk mitigation exceptional customer service skills microsoft office proficiency proficient in concur workday kronos excel spreadsheets/sql sox doj audit experience cost reduction and containment staff leadership and development superior organization skills accomplishments reduced capital spending by 35 per year as the leader of a cross-functional trading floor teams in san francisco and new york. head of business continuity for nyse-sf and nyse-ny. recognized for achieving flawless audit scores from both nyse regulation securities and exchange commission and finra. authored and published trading floor rule filings for nyse- sf and nyse-amex- 2008-2013. launched the amex trading floor-ny in 2008-2009 hired all trading floor staff. authored all trading floor employee procedures manuals and policies for both nyse-sf and nyse-amex. in charge of streamlining staffing levels for three mergers 2005-2010. started nyse annual community volunteer program 2010. experience operations
__label__DESIGNER cad designer summary seeking cad designer summary seeking a position with a respected that will allow me to contribute to their success while working in a cohesive environment. i m a highly dependable and motivated software engineer. enthusiastic team player that is dedicated to streamlining processes and efficiently resolving project issues. bringing more than 7 years of experience in the autocad and gis mapping industry. highlights certified autocad designer project management land desk civil 3d andgps proficient in microsoft office suite certified gis technician detailed estimator proficient in esri sap and microstation adobe photoshop illustrator and indesign professional value offered very successful at obtaining required permits at the county and levels by building and maintaining a professional relationship with officials. community involvement that included but not limited to speaking to different levels of school children for career development. served as united way loaned executive. experience cad designer 08/2008 to 04/2015 - civil design experience in erosion control site work which included gathering measurements grading and development. draw/design in cad pro-e/creo autocad microstation put together job folders print and fold drawings create production document release pdr review accuracy of drawings. mapped production to support a vast array of project types including cast iron replacement projects
__label__FITNESS physical therapy aide summary physical therapy aide summary experienced physical therapist technician in patient aide and well-being. a quick learner capable of handling a fast-paced setting as well as stressful environment. a facility will benefit from my responsible reliable and dedicated team player approach as well as the ability to work independently when necessary. my skills of establishing and maintaining relations with supervisors coworkers and clients/patients will help the organization to provide great patient care as well as excellent customer service. prior personal trainer certified in zumba gold zumba toning and zumba kids. experience physical therapy aide 05/2017 to 07/2017 aided the pta s and ota s with their patient treatment and or program. transported and or escorted patients to and from the therapy room. assisted pta s and ota s with facility cleanliness and equipment maintenance. fitness instructor trainer/ front desk staff/ group x manager 09/2009 to 07/2017 taught - zumba zumba toning zumba gold and zumba kids. launched zumba gold program for senior citizens 55 and older at facility. offered one-on-one fitness consultations. worked to recruit new members to facility and group x classes. customer service sales answered phones and handled onsite daily task. assistant manager 05/2000 to 05/2003 maintained store staff
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant executive summary staff accountant executive summary motivated enthusiastic and cheerful seeking a position that involves community assisting residence and positively interacting with people. experienced leader and supervisor. analytical and detail-oriented financial manager with over 26 years of expertise in government accounting and financial management. hardworking detail oriented honest effective and outgoing. authorized to work in the us for any employer core qualifications supervision and training sound judgment budget allocation calm under pressure team player training and development administrative skills budget analsis budget development budget forcasts professional experience 01/2015 to 01/2016 staff accountant maintain accurate timely accounting records for all entities and includes implementation of accounting policies and procedures. plan develop and implement procedures for more efficient accurate informative and timely financial reporting that can provide management with the tools to effectively direct the organization. reconcile and review accounts balance sheets and invoices. ensure that all invoices are auditable and supported by request approval invoice and receipt of material request. determine estimated costs by expense account code required for 6 month budget cycle. receive and review and make proper payments on incoming invoices. 01/2012 to 01/2015 federal accountant responsible for recording and depositing federal payments. responsible for certifying outgoing payments. responsible for posting
__label__CHEF pastry sous chef summary pastry sous chef summary service oriented professional looking for opportunities in pastry arts. seeking to advance development of skills and learn more aspects of pastry arts and confections. diploma from the le cordon bleu program and vast experience utilizing business degree in a corporate environment. highlights key competencies include customer relations organization product knowledge attention to detail team building and positive attitude. microsoft office products including word excel. project power point and outlook. experience 11/2014 to current pastry sous chef organize and run all aspects of the pastry kitchen including weekly inventory and ordering supervise team of four pastry employees two pastry cooks and two baker assistants. train on department procedures and new menu desserts. instruct team on daily sanitation and cleaning of walk ins and freezer. create and design desserts for restaurant menu in room dining menu and banquet menus. create desserts for special dietary needs of guests such as vegetarian vegan and gluten free. create special menus for holiday banquets and special requests. attend meetings such as daily beo morning focus and weekly ops representing culinary team. meet with f b manager general manager and hotel manager to discuss current desserts weekly vip guests and special requests for
__label__BANKING assistant manager summary 7+ assistant manager summary 7+ yrs of management customer service extensive sales service and repairs knowledge. programs skills quickbook retail iq isc snap fdt e-ticket microsoft powerpoint outlook works word.watson ect..maintains and expands customer base by counseling district sales representatives building and maintaining rapport with key customers identifying new customer opportunities. recommends product lines by identifying new product opportunities and/or product packaging and service changes surveying consumer needs and trends tracking competitors. implements trade promotions by publishing tracking and evaluating trade spending. updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities reading professional publications maintaining personal networks. accomplishments exceeding store quotas by up to 30 weekly meetings and conference calls responsible for customer service assistance extensive sales service and repairs knowledge. direct multiple business affairs and have advance understanding of customers and clients needs highlights 7+ yrs of management customer service extensive sales service and repairs knowledge. programs skills quickbook retail iq isc snap fdt e-ticket microsoft powerpoint outlook works word.watson ect..maintains and expands customer base by counseling district sales representatives building and maintaining rapport with key customers identifying new customer opportunities. recommends product lines by identifying new product opportunities and/or product packaging and service changes surveying consumer needs and trends tracking
__label__AVIATION specialist of infantry professional specialist of infantry professional summary professional learning occupational consultant and life-skills counselor seeking a position as a social services provider. disabled veteran and education specialist conversant with social and personal barriers to employment civic life and independent living with demonstrated ability providing community based services and support between community stake holders and the underemployed military veterans the disabled and additional underserved groups. core qualifications proven leadership in military and civilian occupations. effective communication and interpersonal skills. trained educator in identifying and servicing diverse learning styles. advanced with it enterprise networks. advanced with windows based operating systems. advanced with microsoft office word excel access and powerpoint. experience in designing and supporting database information systems dba . experience in both commercial and academic technical writing. certifications praxis principles of learning and teaching 2013 praxis social studies content knowledge 2013 education master of arts education- m.ed. 8 2014 mount st. joseph university gpa dean s honor roll gpa 3.58 dean s honor roll with a gpa of 3.58 on a 4.0 scale. ets recognition of excellence award for social studies content knowledge top 15 . thesis rotc military education in the new millennium. bachelor of arts history and philosophy 5 2008 university of
__label__DESIGNER e-learning designer career overview e-learning designer career overview highly skilled and experienced educator with a strong background in information technology. adept at addressing the needs of a variety of learners and administrators. strongly knowledgeable about all approaches to distance learning. qualifications vast experience with e-learning development software strong understanding of teaching methodologies extensive knowledge of emergent and current technologies excellent organizational and management skills ability to create training modules storyboards and content outlines proven ability to work with multiple parties in collaboration high proficiency with html and authoring tools skills adobe captivate media encoder reader microsoft excel internet explorer media player outlook paint powerpoint sharepoint skype visio word google chrome docs drive forms gmail sheets ibm db2 sql stored procedures kenexa other apple imovie dayana networks voice record pro sap success factors tech smith snag it vmware youtube c html javascript work experience e-learning designer july 2015 to current design developed and p roject managed education team for 501 r regulatory compliance curriculum including learning objectives content analysis story boarding interactive design test project scheduling instructional design and d evelopment design design developed and project managed education team for we id for patient safety including learning objectives content analysis story boarding interactive design problem
__label__FINANCE finance summary finance focal finance summary finance focal driven to improve morale decrease turnover and improve productivity. background in leadership development training and strategic thinking. highlights exceptional interpersonal skills employee relations training and development data analysis predictive planning public speaking budget planning experience finance july 2008 to october 2015 held various finance and project management related roles including integrated scheduling contracts business partner advised managers on program specific matters and recommend needed changes. developed metrics to reduce risk. directed personnel training activities. served as a link between management and employees by handling questions interpreting and executing program requirements and helping resolve work-related problems. adjunct professor august 2013 to current conducted adult learner leadership courses to foster positive attitude toward organizational leadership. presented leadership and human behavior material. coordinated material to meet student needs and goals. human resource generalist intern july 2014 to march 2015 served as a link between management and employees by handling questions and helping resolve work-related problems. advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes. directed job description development to maximize maneuverability of personnel. education doctor of philosophy organizational leadership 2013 the chicago school of professional psychology organizational leadership dissertation the workplace impact of baby boomers and millennials work/life
__label__ARTS administrative assistant career overview administrative assistant career overview highly focused and results-oriented professional who works with a sense of urgency to anticipate the needs of senior-level executives. thrives in a fast paced dynamic environment while supporting confidential complex and deadline-driven operations. customer-oriented and computer-savvy. skill highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail travel administration strong problem solver customer service-oriented meeting planning professional and mature professional experience administrative assistant jan 1996 to oct 1997 administrative assistant to the president/ceo of statewide mental health organization. collaborated with doctors therapists and administrators to originate monthly billing and reports involving corporate accounts such as nursing facilities and state-funded mental health facilities. responsible for accounts payable/accounts receivable that includes medical billing/processing for the president/ceo s private patients and the month end financial closing process. responsible for all medical transcription for approximately 10 doctors and therapists. multi-media/graphic arts secretary oct 1997 to may 2008 assist the senior pastor in developing marketing programs realizing a 6 increase in attendance over the previous year. this includes the designing/creation/printing of promotional work including in-house and direct mailings weekly church program with activities programs information and more and weekly powerpoint presentations. assisted with the implementation of a new website realizing a
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary extensive and diverse sales business development and management background. creative professional with records of increasing revenue and department effectiveness. proficient in prioritizing and completing tasks in a timely manner yet flexible to multi-task when necessary. customer focused with diverse industry experience including security computer sales management psychology non-profit and retail. enjoys learning new programs and processes. team player who is attentive to detail and able to work in fast paced environments. excellent oral and written communication skills. highlights trained in business development accomplished in relationship selling friendly and cheerful ms office proficiency team leadership proven sales track record goal-oriented detail-oriented exceptional time management analytical problem solver sales management experience business development manager 07/2015 to current generate new business from cold calling efforts manage advertisement budget maintain key performance measures identify coordinate and participate in client relationship-building activities and meetings. assist sales managers with new and pre-owned sales through writing negotiating and closing sales develop and manage crm tool design social media content and webpage conduct discovery and needs analysis with each potential client participate and make recommendation in screening/hiring and development of associates sponsorship exhibition account executive 07/2015 to current research and develop a list of
__label__ADVOCATE associate claim processor/member service associate claim processor/member service advocate summary after 29 years of working in an industry that puts people at the forefront of their business i have a proven track record of building and maintaining relationships and an impeccable customer service background. my objective is to continue to put people first build strong and long last relationships and to use my expertise in the customer service field to give the customer an exceptional experience. skills customer service verbal and written communication team collaboration problem solving and decision making strong analytics strong work ethic working independently and in a team environment strong leadership interpersonal skills experience 05/2013 to current associate claim processor/member service advocate receive calls from customers regarding coordination of benefits respond accurately and promptly to customer concerns update system with additional insurance information initiate calls to providers to verify or request additional information required for accurate processing keep records of customer transactions and detail comments of inquiries organize customer inquiries to meet specific time frames examine new claims for pertinent information required for initial claim entry. evaluate and apply policies and procedures implemented for the processing of claims. review and execute request from internal departments providing feedback on findings research and
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager career overview engineering manager career overview a practiced professional test manager with over 20 years of success managing test and validation of next-generation software / hardware technologies across multiple concurrent projects and releases. delivered effectively to time and budget on a variety of complex large-scale multi-platform projects including complex network framework iot internet of things telecommunication and hosted services business process tools automation frameworks. managed trained and mentored multi-disciplinary geographically dispersed teams including software development test and validation planning qa configuration management agile scrum master and product owner. qualifications product system and software testing across multiple os platforms windows windows store android ios arduino linux over full product life cycle including agile v-model and waterfall development methods managing multiple on-going projects with geographically dispersed teams establishing and using sub-contract resources with on and off-shore models developing clear test strategies proven ability to translate functional non-functional and use case requirements into test plan scripts and automation with full traceability to requirements leading continuous improvement of development testing and organization processes proficient ms office visual studio eclipse and c scrum master for multiple concurrent scrum teams. facilitate and organize all scrum ceremonies including the daily stand-up retrospectives demos release planning and backlog grooming meetings.
__label__CHEF head chef summary to head chef summary to contribute my work ethic and experience to a kitchen team within a that fosters growth. experience 01/2016 to 01/2016 head chef - running kitchen operations menu management prepping cooking and plating safety and sanitation hiring and termination budget control training employees communicating with food venders food orders. 09/2013 to 01/2014 kitchen manager/ chef - running day to day operations. menu management. prepping cooking and plating. maintaining health and safety standards for all employees. 02/2013 to 05/2013 line cook/ garde manger - alternating stations as needed/ saut and grill practicing f.i.f.o. to ensure food quality was high and spoilage cost were low followed recipes to create dishes according to customer orders maintained sanitation health and safety standards in work areas prepping stations for next day during shift downtime expediting tickets helping source local ingredients to keep dishes seasonal closing kitchen. 01/2011 to 01/2012 garde manger / line cook - alternating stations as needed practicing f.i.f.o. to ensure food quality was high and spoilage cost were low followed recipes to create dishes according to customer orders maintained sanitation health and safety standards in work areas prepping stations for next day during shift downtime practicing time management for ticket
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary solutions-focused versatile consultant summary solutions-focused versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting u.s. military operations in roles of increasing responsibility during a 30-year career in the united states marine corps. effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and technologies to achieve positive results. highlights strong verbal communication extremely organized strong managerial skills attends to detail effective writing skills top secret/sci security clearance clearable . effective team leader cpr certified firearms safety training trained in defensive tactics intelligence gathering techniques training in emergency response able to handle extreme situations accomplishments effective leader of a period spanning 30 years in the united states marine corps. deployed numerous times to hardship countries to assist in relief efforts as well as combat operations. completed both my bachelors and masters degree s since retirement experience consultant october 2013 to october 2014 consultant for fscx fort sill oklahoma . part time . assisting other doctrine writers in the efforts of revising all current doctrine tactics techniques and procedures manuals to include atp 3-09.13 fm 3-09.13 the battlefield coordination detachment bcd and atp 3-09.43 fire support techniques for the battalion utilizing the army doctrine 2015 format. primary doctrine writer september 2012 to september 2013 primary doctrine writer for
__label__CHEF sous chef executive profile sous chef executive profile i am an eager professional and committed chef who is passionate about great food and whom when working in a kitchen always maintain my finger on the pulse of the heart of establishment. i am committed in developing my personal and culinary abilities to the fullest extent. i have vast long termed experience in cooking high quality breakfast lunch and evening meals while driving food values forward. i am now seeking a suitable position with a that offers a truly unique environment to work in along with excellent career development opportunities. core accomplishments enhanced customer satisfaction level up to 60 by demonstrating fine culinary and management skills in the kitchen and dining area. created signature main course dishes and a dessert that are on the menu till date. reduced order service time by 30 through effective order and synchronization in implementation of timely prep exercises at the main course work stations. professional experience may 2015 to february 2016 sous chef mentoring training and supporting junior chefs. prepared and cooked nutritious and well balanced meals for patrons. managed basic preparation of food together with head chef. created and decided design of menus with careful management of the
__label__ACCOUNTANT financial accountant summary cpa financial accountant summary cpa financial accountant specializing in financial reporting and analysis. successful at managing multiple licensing and royalty reporting with international corporations such as disney warner brothers and lego. highlights tertiary qualified international experience technical proficiency with master degree in accounting cpa licensed with 5+ years experience in financial reporting and management accounting multi-cultural/ international team working experiencebilingual english chinese erp/accounting systems proficiency advanced utilization microsoft office suite especially excel. accomplishments the has been awarded by disney and warner brothers as top 10 licensee in asian pacific region and licensee of the year 2013 2014 my team has been awarded by the board in the meeting. as the chef accountant for licensing i have re-modeled an excel controlling summary tool to monitor the usage of the minimum guarantee for 150 plus individual licensing contracts. re-modeled divisional comparison in p l. experience 05/2012 to 05/2015 financial accountant financial reporting accountable for the provision of accurate timely and efficient financial reports on behalf of management to lodge financial statements b/s p/l cash flow and others specific reports within the group and also to the external parties applying aus-ifrs accounting standards and accounting policy across various transactions and accounting issues. royalty reporting
__label__AVIATION lean six sigma black lean six sigma black belt summary highly skilled and trained professional with over a decade of experience in administrative supply security and counseling. highlights lean six sigma black belt logistical supply chain management adobe reader microsoft word secret clearance strong verbal communication small arms weapons specialist firearms safety training trained in defensive tactics lean six sigma green belt certified microsoft office microsoft excel microsoft power point effective team leader supply and logistics planning extremely organized accomplishments received global war on terrorism service medal. received global war on terrorism expeditionary medal. received afghanistan campaign medal. received 2 good conduct medals over 13 year military career. received meritorious mast while serving as the supply night crew supervisor during 6 month deployment to afghanistan. received certificate of commendation while serving as the supply high priority expediter. received certificate of commendation while serving as the supply accounting division subject matter expert. received 2nd certificate of commendation while serving as the supply accounting division subject matter expert. experience lean six sigma black belt 09/2012 responsibilities include demonstrating team leadership understanding team dynamics and assigning team member roles and responsibilities. black belts have a thorough understanding of all aspects of the dmaic model in accordance with
__label__FITNESS aba therapist summary team-oriented aba therapist summary team-oriented applied behavior analysis therapist with strong track record of establishing solid relationships motivated determined enthusiastic and passionate about my work. experience may 2015 to august 2017 aba therapist summer internship 8 30 am to 4 30 pm monday through friday work one-on-one with a morning child and an afternoon child was trained on multiple different children to sub in or to help out at anytime followed and implemented all behavior/treatment plans and guidelines maintained daily and detailed records of child s individual activities targets behaviors meals and other activities. supervised/engaged in outing field trips that my child attended helped child reach milestone in self-care educational and social areas developed professional relationships with parents/families teachers/other therapists directors/program managers collaborated monthly with program managers about child s progress and new ideas to possibly implement for more growth march 2015 to current fitness consultant keep watch for any safety infractions answer any needs/questions that patrons have provide a fun and safe environment for patrons to workout in education and training 2018 purdue university bachelor of science psychology brain and behavioral sciences activities and honors in high school i was head of a committee named the catholic life committee within
__label__APPAREL sr. manager summary over sr. manager summary over twenty-five years management experience in vendor compliance product integrity/quality customer support/sales and business office management. i am a results-focused professional with the ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines in a fast paced environment. specific expertise includes quality assurance strategic planning handling of large customer accounts office management vendor billing and invoicing purchasing and payroll. highlights exceptional customer service skills exceptional time management skills adaptable business and requirements analysis experience 10/2008 to 07/2012 sr. manager vendor management and product integrity/quality responsibilities include partnering with quality assurance team sourcing managers buyers technical design and logistics to ensure packaging and garment labeling meet requirements. worked with vendor base of 200+ to ensure performance standards were in accordance with both ftc and cpsc regulations. day-to-day direct communications with vendors and suppliers on all levels and assist with trouble shooting. accomplishments implemented a new vendor website providing all policy and procedures as well as educational tools. implemented with the qa team a shared audit tracking report and disposition process. implemented a correction and chargeback policy for vendor non-compliance resulting in savings of 400k annually. 02/2005 to 10/2008 sr. manager manage the technical design department with a staff of two
__label__ACCOUNTANT staff accountant professional profile staff accountant professional profile to gain payroll skills qualifications deltek time and expense 8.1 costpoint 6.1 adp enterprise hr 5.0 adp 5.30 etime 3a ceridian sap equity edge acuity 4.10 kronos nextgen office suite accounts payable benefits budget contracts documentation general ledger insurance access microsoft office suite enterprise payroll processing personnel policies tax training material workshops year-end relevant experience successfully transitioned from use of paper timesheets to an automated payroll system within six months.worked with human resources to develop streamlined way to track paid time off.simplified payroll processing procedure to increase department productivity by 25 . experience staff accountant 08/2014 to current review verify and input personnel action forms for all certified classified and substitute positions. process times sheets with the use of the kronos timekeeping system for all employees of the schools assigned. responsible for an annual payroll of over 18 million dollars. process paper time sheets for all bus and shuttle drivers. responsible for entry of all direct deposit w-4 and a-4 forms for all employees working for the board using nextgen accounting software. update supervisor as required for changes or corrections needed to complete the monthly payroll processing. analyze and access reports and data before finalizing the
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary job title consultant summary job title with more than number years of experience planning developing and implementing program or process .experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences.high level of client interaction utilizing my extensive knowledge and experience in the retirement and compensation fields. resourceful responsible results-oriented seasoned self-directed service-driven skilled strategic superior talented versatile well-qualified adaptable ambitious analytical articulate award-winning business-savvy client-focused committed conscientious consistent creative customer-focused customer-service focused deadline-driven deadline-oriented dedicated dependable detail-oriented disciplined driven dynamic effective energetic experience expert flexible focused gifted hands-on hardworking highly motivated high-performing innovative mature meticulous motivated multi-task-oriented organized outstanding performance driven personable positive pragmatic proactive productive proficient reliable accomplishedhighly qualified detail-oriented and hardworking job title with more than number years of experience. proficient in research writing case management and client relations. expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications website design html cms and hosting networking issues and social media. highlights cost benefit analysis cbas account reconciliations organized unsurpassed work ethic results-oriented skills productivity improvement microsoft office suite expert work flow planning detail-oriented superb time management experience consultant january 1997 to august 2015 - planned designed and
__label__TEACHER teacher summary m ath teacher summary m ath teacher with excellent communication skills. organized and driven with the innate ability to stay on task. uses effective and efficient methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student. highlights central missouri math educators club member missouri council of teachers of mathematics 2014 conference tutoring experience ms office proficient organized timely accomplishments while working for beauty brands i received two awards. i received the award of excellence and shift manager of the year. the award of excellence is a wide award and is awarded to one person from each district. out of seven locations i was chosen for my district. i was presented the award at beauty brands annual banquet in kansas city. i accepted the award from the founder and ceo and was recognized in front of all of home office location managers and other award winners. the next year i was awarded with shift manager of the year for my district. experience i have a little over 100 hours of observation and participation field experience. sixty hours of my field experience are observations from algebra i at lees summit high school summer school and 6th grade math and social studies at
__label__BANKING registered client service associate registered client service associate summary to obtain a position where my years of experience in the client support environment and proven track record of maintaining and developing new businesses can be fully utilized. results-oriented high-energy hands-on professional with a successful record of accomplishments in client support. major strengths include strong leadership excellent communication skills strong team player attention to detail compliance in all regulated environment and supervisory skills. skills microsoft word for windows excel power point access adobe pagemaker 6.5 adobe photoshop dreamweaver visio unix oracle 9i and developer 2000. experience registered client service associate 06/2012 to current serve as primary contact to investment clients and prospects. provide all operational services and support for client accounts. provide financial advisors with presentations and seminars aide in the implementation of marketing materials for prospects. referring clients to other lines of banking division to enhance the relationship. work with financial advisors to efficiently manage their book of business to increase their revenue for the bank. conduct monthly audits to make sure that client objectives are in consideration with the investments being offered by the brokers. work directly with the financial advisors to manage their book of business worth 40 million. relationship banker ii
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology bureau deputy information technology bureau deputy director professional summary senior information technology professional with more than fifteen years of experience directing and managing large and complex it operations and data center. resourceful thinker methodical problem solver and analytical in all facets of technical management. proficient at educational and advanced enterprise related technology solutions. a strong decisive leader who leads by example and hardworking professional focused on results and details. fully bilingual in english and spanish. core qualifications ibm enterprise z system x servers microsoft windows vmware esx cloud computing operating systems microsoft windows z/os zvm aix suse linux databases sql db2 oracle adabas tools office project visio sharepoint exchange msccm solarwinds orion tivoli track-it communication security frame relay mpls fcip enterasys cisco fortinet experience january 2010 to current information technology bureau deputy director oversee and lead the infrastructure operations it service 24x7. this includes the supervision of four divisions 1 programming applications 2 networking communications 3 desktop services support and 4 operating systems database. performance management and kpis. key accomplishments oversees a department of 140 contractors and employees. manages infrastructure data network of 9 300 users 250 sites. evaluates direct cutting edge technology solutions for the implementation of 53 it projects. october
__label__ADVOCATE service advocate iv- clinical service advocate iv- clinical support summary over 10 years of the insurance industry experience. strong analytical documentation and research skills. highlights extensive insurance industry and regulatory compliance knowledge. quality assurance by conducting audits experience. analyze issues tack trending and implement process improvement ideas. research develop editing and publish procedures for the department. strong interpersonal and communication skills report writing experience managing complex and time sensitive projects. provide important communications regard updates to procedures. claims file management processes medical terminology specialist database management all lines claims adjuster licensed 6-20 of florida experience service advocate iv- clinical support 01/2015 to current assist providers with the entry and update of requests for medical clearances research coordinate and resolve inquiries and claims exceptions coordinate with other provider service areas to identify formal education opportunities identify document and monitor process improvements maintain records reports or files moderate to heavy keying required. 9+ years experience in health insurance provider s office handling medical coding filing insurance claims or referrals or a managed healthcare telephone service center experience working with healthcare products including researching and resolving provider inquiries and working with provider contracts and networks experience working with medical terminology cpt-4 coding icd-9 coding and claims adjudication
__label__ADVOCATE senior advisor and national senior advisor and national fundraising director professional summary i am an agile and hungry project manager with nearly five years of experience leading cross-functional teams in the political campaign world. in that time i have managed concurrent projects at various stages of development designed and oversaw the maintenance of project plans and leveraged qualitative and quantitative data insights to inform decision making. my experience embedding on a new campaign every few months has made me an expert at drinking from the fire hose. at my heart i am a people person and problem solver who loves to operate in ambiguous roles and will run through walls to deliver. skills excel and google sheets familiarity with multiple crm databases budgets budget business development business strategy crm databases direct mail fundraising legal litigation marketing marketing and communications excel money organizational problem solver project management sales spanish spanish language strategy website workflow work history senior advisor and national fundraising director 09/2020 to 12/2020 created project plan to implement a new business strategy and organizational structure to optimize workflow leading team to raise 2.25mm in two months the largest congressional raise in the country over that period. led 14-person staff composed of digital marketing
__label__APPAREL co-founder / sales marketing co-founder / sales marketing coordinator core qualifications microsoft office word excel access and powerpoint proficient with apple osx and built-in apps such as keynote advanced knowledge of google analytics programing well versed and experienced with facebook analytics ads professional experience 01/2014 to current co-founder / sales marketing coordinator plan develop organize implement direct and evaluate the fiscal function and performance develop a reliable cash flow projection process and report which includes minimum cash threshold to meet operating needs recruit train supervise and manage the brand ambassador program maintain and develop social media outlets via instagram twitter snapchat and facebook daily usage and advanced understanding of google analytics facebook ads/analytics purchasing goods and forecasting sales projects for each quarter enhance and/or develop implement and enforce policies and procedures of the organization by way of systems that will improve the overall operation and effectiveness of the business evaluate the impact of long range planning introduction of new programs/strategies and regulatory action improve the budgeting process on a continual basis through education on financial issues impacting budgets market brand regularly at athletic/fitness events to generate brand awareness and gain market share. 01/2014 to 06/2015 graduate assistant assist in promoting supervising and evaluating the
__label__FITNESS director/president - minturn fitness director/president - minturn fitness center executive profile 21-year internationally-regarded coaching professional 13-year nationally certified/accredited in strength and conditioning industry-leading athletic performance executive in the field of high-performance athletic training who creates strategic alliances with organizational leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. experience with successful facility design builds and operations. recruits and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. provides oversight of all budgets operations and strategic initiatives with sound operational management skills. provides athletic high-performance programming training education presentations and hands-on coaching of all elite high-school and general population athlete membership on and off-site. skill highlights nsca cscs d 09-14 nsca rscc d 16-present exos xps nsca colorado program director 11-12 exos formerly athlete s performance level iv mentor 05-2010 director of human performance sscv 10-present fms level 1 certified 09-present trx level 1 certified 09-present power plate academy certified 09-present internationally recognized speaker for the nsca and keiser corp 08-present director of coaches education for sscv 10-present director of facilities and operations minturn fitness center 14-present noted accomplishments women s fis team coach for sscv producing the most athletes from a single program to make the usst during the 2 year
__label__CONSTRUCTION safety professional / construction safety professional / construction supervisor summary seeking a purchasing manager position with a firm in the western new york vicinity in which i can utilize my 15+ years experience coupled with my b.s. in business and my a.a.s. in engineering technology to contribute to the leadership and growth of the organization. highlights over 15 years of purchasing materials management and logistics planning experience. strong business/commercial experience conducting purchasing negotiations maintaining positive business relationships and establishing strategic alliances with vendors subcontractors and transporters. bachelor of science degree able to multi-task and prioritize work load proficient with word excel and outlook in addition to mrpii and proprietary procurement programs. experienced preparing purchase orders and monitoring acknowledgements of and changes to pos from award to delivery experienced expediting deliveries and conducting follow-up experienced procuring stock material for industrial operations maintenance and repairs experienced maintaining minimum/maximum levels of inventory plus insuring inventory levels are adequate but not excessive career advancement achieved while gaining experience in operations inventory control materials management purchasing finance sales and project development experienced establishing new stock numbers entering and reconciling inventory variances in a database experienced resolving purchase order/ invoice discrepancies experienced initiating and running reports for cycle count performance
__label__CONSTRUCTION concrete laborer/finisher/operator professional summary concrete laborer/finisher/operator professional summary versatile concrete laborer accustomed to working in various environments and taking on multiple tasks. exceptional work ethic stamina and reliability. offering many years history of construction experience excellent attendance record and reputation for reliability. hardworking concrete laborer adept at completing tasks quickly and correctly to maximize team productivity and job efficiency. knowledgeable about mixing pouring and smoothing concrete on-site as well as how to work with pre-cast pieces. focused concrete laborer with strong attention to detail commitment to safety and in any environment. bringing understanding of appropriate protective measures correct equipment operation and how to effectively contribute to team success through dedicated and responsible work. work history concrete laborer/finisher/operator 03/2020 - 04/2021 measured precise amounts of concrete and verified levelness to improve quality of finished product. installed rebar and molded expansion joints and edges for concrete projects. operated equipment such as forklifts safely to efficiently complete site work. demolished and repaired old concrete surfaces. shoveled materials such as dirt gravel and asphalt. leveled smoothed and finished surfaces of poured concrete for construction projects. adhered to safety and reporting procedures. wore correct clothing and protective equipment for jobs. monitored inventory of key tools and materials used at
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY it director accomplishments cxa- it director accomplishments cxa- 206-1 citrix xenapp 6.5 basic administration it security essentials spiceworks 101 foundations lab introduction to sql military ua army ukraine senior sergeant. experience it director august 2015 to current formulate and deploy long-term strategic plans for acquiring and enabling efficient and cost effective information processing and communication technologies. manage it department operational and strategic planning including business requirements project planning and organizing and negotiating the allocation of resources operational management where necessary reengineer applications support to ensure it aligns with business processes tactical planning and strategic vision. define and communicate project milestones service level agreements and resource allocation to executive team department leads support staff and end users. develop and review budgets for and from it department divisions and ensure they comply with stated goals guidelines and objectives. review performance of it systems to determine operating costs productivity levels and upgrade requirements. benchmark analyze report on and make recommendations for the improvement of the it infrastructure and it systems. develop bid requirements for all hardware and software upgrades reviews submitted bids for compliance with stated requirements and makes the appropriate award. authorize and oversee the deployment monitoring maintenance development and support of all hardware and software
__label__BANKING business analyst sr. technical business analyst sr. technical business analyst highlights c c++ core java back ends oracle 9i 10g 11grii ms sql server-2005 ibm db2 computer tech. uml web designing html xml operating systems windows 9x/xp/2000/2003 server linux red hat 5 suse 11 development tools rational rose ms visio ms project oracle sql developer crystal reports java workflow editor eclipse application servers jboss tomcat5 5.0.1.ga ibm websphere app server 7. databases tools oracle 9i 10g ms sql 2008 oracle enterprise manager console sql developer power builder 9.0 bankind application finacle ebanking application by infosys ltd. accomplishments waye world alliance for youth empowerment . completed yes+ course with advance meditation techniques. i hereby declare that all the above information furnished by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 4. experience business analyst sr. technical business analyst sdlc jul 2011 to dec 2013 requirement gathering requirement analysis release management product management product implementation role brs analysis feasibility analysis vender management client handling product management highlights initiated new projects like mobile devices compatibility key resource for standard product enhancement and documentation. interacting with marketing team to understand market demands. worked actively for cloud sfa project to implement product on cloud technology. market
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare administrator/operational and staff healthcare administrator/operational and staff reorg executive summary high-energy manager analyst and executive assistant. successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. cultivates a culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns as well as contributing new ideas that drive growth. i am naturally compelled to streamline costs boost moral and revenue through innovative management techniques including all forms of social media. organized and diligent with excellent written oral and interpersonal communication skills. core qualifications operations management staff development policy/program development hr experience supervision and training cross-functional team management coding/multi-media knowledge complex problem solving calm under pressure sound judgment organizational restructure/change root cause analysis professional experience healthcare administrator/operational and staff reorg oct 2006 to apr 2007 responsible for all staff which consisted of 6 office clerks 4 surgeons 3 remote transcriptionists 3 part-time students 2 medical assistants 1 in-house biller and 1 in-house transcriptionist. negotiated all terms of a new contract to carve out 95 of in-house billing to an off-site medical billing i.e. invoicing payments payment plans collections liaison between sdhs and 47 vendors i.e. it specialists all credentialed hospitals medical supply vendors osha reps etc. created a comprehensive project plan for total relocation of the practice beginning
__label__ACCOUNTANT investment accountant career focus investment accountant career focus accomplished and results oriented investment professional with strong leadership and interpersonal skills who adds energy and value to an organization s quest for excellence. summary of skills internet and microsoft office - ms word ms power point ms excel pivot tables spreadsheets macros. business objects lombardi eagle accounting system pega dras workbench. account reconciliations detail-oriented variance analysis detail-oriented analytical expert in ms office suite account reconciliation expert effective time management complex problem solving superior research skills accomplishments multiple awards for performance.formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis budgeting and forecasting.increased efficiency of discrepancy investigations by number by designing a more accurate cash-forecasting system. professional experience investment accountant 10/2012 to 11/2015 reconciled mutual fund accounts with the custody identified and resolved differences in custody and accounting cash currency and positions using eagle iax business objects lombardi and workbench reports communicated and collaborated with other areas in the firm client fund accountant custodians that are impacted by the functions of the team conducted weekly client meetings and act as liaison between accounting and custody to resolve any outstanding items in cash currency and positions. completed special projects from the management as needed trained oversee and assisted staff
__label__CHEF account director summary dedicated account director summary dedicated professional with experience necessary in food and beverage for excellent guest service. seeking to deliver great service and great food while maintaining the financial responsibility and core standards of any operation. highlights certified executive chef certification in nutrition certified in human resource management and supervision american culinary federation member certification in professional cooking theories graduate of the culinary academy of south dakota experience account director 06/2013 to current responsible for entire food service operation and maintaining good client relations for the company. duties include as account director meeting and exceeding budgetary requirements for the while meeting clients needs out lined in contracted agreement. maintaining sanitation to regulations. responsible for all employee hr management at a unit level. assist in district with training other management team members in budgetary compliance and proper ordering procedures to ensure maximum profit margins are reached. assist and support area with catering functions as needed. executive chef 09/2012 to 05/2013 responsible for all culinary operations under the food and beverage director in a high end retirement community. primarily responsible for all production including off site catering including venues up to several hundreds of guests. supervised a team of 32 and ensure all
__label__ENGINEERING electrical engineering lab technician electrical engineering lab technician summary over 10 years experience in technical support in high speed networking semiconductor lab network administration problem resolution documentation and lab management. self-driven team player with strengths in communication and developing interpersonal ralationships. possess excellent planning organization time management and decision-making skills. strategically coordinate and collaborate with cross-functional departments and individual to maximize performance in facilitating goals and attaining operational excellence. highlights ability to test collect data diagnose and trouble shooting skills system test boards eval boards and lab networking. knowledge of 1g/10g ethernet framers routers switches atm pon phy sonet digital home. lab management in charge of systems in lab and procurement of tools needed in lab including maintain and organize lab networking and test bench setup. fimiliar with windows and linux os ms office labview and others. proficient in multimeters programmable dc power supplies frequency counters oscilloscopes function and signal generators logic analyzers digital serial analyzer network traffic generator/performance analyzer and other specialized test equipment ustc and thermonic. proficient in schematic capture and pcb layout tools such as pads cadence orcad mentor graphic view logic experience august 2007 to october 2014 electrical engineering lab technician developed and implemented test and troubleshooting procedures for hsio
__label__CONSTRUCTION project manger/lead super professional project manger/lead super professional summary profile a proven track record of over 21 years of experience as a general construction project manager. across extensive career have directed organized multi-million dollar construction projects and renovations optimized operations/profits for full scale projects and overseen multi-trade construction teams. i have a broad repertoire of skills in project management estimating planning complex data profit analysis resourcing organizational networking/liaison professional development fieldwork supervision and leadership. project management strong background and professional versatility in the administration and oversight of complex and integrated construction projects. i have directed construction on-time and on-budget in a variety of different environments including power plants government healthcare housing and educational schools/universities/dormitory settings. approaching projects holistically punctually and efficiently. have the knowledge and skills needed to guide projects at the per-construction stage beyond. i am meticulous and adaptive troubleshooting field issues and design conflicts as and when they occur. commercial internal relations development articulate and collaborative i privilege open and frequent communication as a means for developing highly productive multi-trade teams. i am able to build and maintain viable trusting relationships with construction team members i.e. construction workers architects and engineers and commercial/corporate third parties i.e. business owners and government officials based
__label__AVIATION quality assurance manager professional quality assurance manager professional summary outgoing quality assurance manager with 8 years of managerial experience in aerospace. committed to high standards of product inspections and customer service with extensive knowledge of evo microsoft office use. adept at collaborative with various departments for comprehensive quality control. methodical with superb problem-solving and analytical abilities. keeps meticulous records and identify and troubleshoot problems. specialties include operational improvements program implementation and documentation. well-rounded with a leading-edge approach to identifying innovative ways to provide quality scheduling materials management purchasing inventory control and logistics support to the manufacturing industry accomplishments implemented nadcap ac7108/1 throughout the facility. initiated and implemented cmmc compliance. created and administered fod program compliant to nas412. skills process improvement 6s/lean/kaizen principles compliance/regulations identify/analyze/resolve problems supplier quality staff training and development policy reinforcement knowledge of quality systems audit coordination quality management process control employee supervision root cause analysis presentations work history quality assurance manager 07/2011 to current specified quality requirements of raw materials with suppliers. recorded analyzed and distributed statistical information. reported production malfunctions to managers and production supervisors. inspected products and worker progress throughout production. collected production samples regularly and performed detailed quality inspections. provided analytical planning and coordination support on projects as
__label__HEALTHCARE digital marketing specialist summary digital marketing specialist summary i m a creative retail-marketing professional with 10 years of experience managing omnichannel marketing campaigns. my specialties include digital marketing and media direct marketing with a strong emphasis on direct mail crm and database testing customer segmentation event promotions credit loyalty and project management. i have the innate ability to effectively and efficiently execute complex marketing campaigns in a fast paced environment with tight timelines. highlights experience may 2013 to january 2015 digital marketing specialist responsible for the discovery and development of marketing strategies for both desktop and mobile to drive traffic and sales while meeting roi goals. assisted in the development launch and management of a customer acquisition and crm retargeting program created to attribute in-store purchases to online behavior. assist in the planning execution and analysis of display advertising through various online media networks to support marketing campaigns. optimize seo and sem campaigns utilizing reporting tools such as google adwords to review keyword performance and return on ad spend in support of merchandising focus and promotional cadence. support new store openings and brand marketing events through geo-targeted digital media and marketing campaigns. manage partnerships with affiliates in order to promote crm offers and storewide
__label__CONSULTANT communications consultant summary seasoned communications consultant summary seasoned marketing communications professional with a comprehensive background managing highly effective communication campaigns that supported key sales marketing and stakeholder engagement objectives. marketing manager offering a comprehensive background in the development and execution of strategic communication plans to drive member acquisition retention and reactivation. highlights brand management budget accountability event management social media advertising media relations sales promotions project management self-directed digital advertising enthusiastic team player deadline-driven direct marketing campaigns account management global marketing accomplishments ran communications and public relations efforts on number project type projects with budgets totaling amount . major projects include describe marketing projects . increased client s web traffic by number by improving and optimizing web content. developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging. experience communications consultant 01/2008 to 01/2015 managed and developed strategic integrated teflon branded marketing communications for textiles housewares licensing and industrial businesses to ensure consistency and cost savings while supporting business growth objectives. managed a 2.5mm budget for pr media relations consumer and industrial brand programs product launches print and digital advertising sales collateral and tradeshow marketing implemented consumer pr programs and in-store pos materials for dupont stone care retail line
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology /chief technology officer executive profile strategic planning security compliance infrastructure database telecom proficient leader who excels in dynamic-demanding environments while maintaining clarity and focus skilled in development and implementation of digital business technologies including telecom strength in creating outstanding customer satisfaction talented in positive team building that excels in delivering high quality services an innovative technologist with exceptional track record across the entire technology lifecycle experienced with business acquisitions and mergers leads with honesty integrity respect for others alone with a commitment to excellences result-oriented with established success skill highlights contract negotiation for business support and commercial office properties cloud technology implementation and deployment digital pbx cellular smart devices and voip technology deploy and integrate accounting systems to and from varies entities erp deployment implementation and development design implement complex interactive web sites including intranets swot strengths weaknesses opportunities and threats analysis and deployment enterprise application development and deployment enterprise data warehouses and sql repositories enterprise backup recovery and storage methodologies enterprise compliance and regulatory solutions security analysis and deployment including cell phones and mobile devices design deploy and manage lan wan for data/voice using copper fiber and wireless networks client/servers specialty servers such as citrix
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager/senior mechanical designer engineering manager/senior mechanical designer executive summary operations and manufacturing engineering manager with more than 12 years of experience in high-volume global operations support of automated production equipment and the design layout and support of custom machinery. proven record of leading multi-skilled teams to drive projects from pre-development through post-development cycle. increased operational profitability by enhancing processes. visionary forward-looking and pioneering with a passion for challenging projects. leadership style is highly results-oriented. professional knowledge and strengths global operations management personnel management autocad v.14/2008/2010 budgeting planning forecasting training staff development six sigma vendor kanban contracts lean manufacturing autocad inventor 2010 product cost reduction team leadership/team building bosch/item software new product development organization/time management ansi drawing standards inventory control/cycle counts total quality management mechanical design project management customer service ms office suite roi analyzes safety/security virtual gibbs professional experience engineering manager/senior mechanical designer january 2001 to january 2015 planned directed and coordinated the operations with multiple branches across the globe. responsible to formulate policies and budgets. developed long-term approaches that redefined problems/opportunities in anticipation of changing business conditions. coordinated and directed projects making detailed plans to accomplish goals. analyzed technology resource needs and market demand to plan and assess the feasibility of projects.
__label__BANKING regional it manager professional regional it manager professional summary exceptional it manager talented at personnel management vendor management and business strategy development. technically-savvy with outstanding relationship building training and presentation skills. languages spoken english conversational chinese skills team leadership budgeting and finance project management process implementation staff development data management self-motivated strong verbal communication powerful negotiator conflict resolution risk management processes and analysis work history 09/2012 to current regional it manager acted as project manager for 10mn new york office move and serves on advisory board for all international office moves . direct the after-hours 12p.m.edt delivery of first second and third-level technical support end users across 14 office facilities and locations including 500+ lawyers and 500+ staff members. ensure prompt and courteous technical support. manage train and review support staff team members. developed smart objectives and kpi s to continually motivate staff. review help desk metrics with help desk manager to ensure tickets are addressed according to sla. identify recurring issues to address with global software and applications manager. work with cross-functional technology committee to create policies that accurately reflect current and future technology trends. work with international trainers to oversee local training requests. draft and distribute local and after-hours call metrics to
__label__ADVOCATE consultant accomplishments worked with consultant accomplishments worked with teach for india in conducting regular classes for under-privileged children as part of the csr program at osc services. student co-ordinator of the ils free legal aid society for the years 2010-2012. experience consultant 04/2013 asset finance - drafting legal documentation necessary for cross-border aircraft financing and leasing transactions with particular emphasis on clients based in the asia pacific region involving major global financial institutions operating lessors and investment funds. my experience includes acting for clients on commercial financings operating leasing aircraft sales asset backed securitization and portfolio sales and financings. co-lead the cape town transactions support team comprising of 6 india qualified lawyers including transaction management team management and providing subject matter expertise. senior executive compliance 01/2012 to 03/2012 acting as in-house counsel and preparing legal letters and notices and drafting and vetting service agreements non-disclosure agreements digital marketing partners engagement agreements broker agreements intermediary agreements procurement agreements employment contracts licensing agreements etc. extending opinion and advises on host of operational regulatory and legal issues concerning business operations. also responsible for preparing agendas for board meetings preparing analysis reports departmental summaries performance summary of the and drafting other communications as required by the management of
__label__ENGINEERING engineering assistant summary product engineering assistant summary product and process engineer with more than three years of experience with leading projects on new product development new model assembly launch quality and toyota production systems. extensive understanding on process engineering and design and development of automotive systems. skills c r catia autocad ansys microsoft office product project management gd t minitab kanban kaizen fmea. development. toyota production systems apqp ppap 8d 5 why kpi s reliability sae standards vehicle ergonomics dvp r qcc cnc engineering. programming experience 07/2017 to 08/2017 engineering assistant developed delphi s spqvc safety people quality volume cost metrics to cut assembly issues by 10 . developed apqp cost estimations and integrated new fuel injectors models in the remanufacturing process line. performed pfmea root cause analysis and lead cross functional teams to resolve quality downtime issues. sustained and monitored lean manufacturing 5s workplace safety kaizen single piece flow and drove continuous improvement. 06/2013 to 06/2016 engineer designed developed tested and introduced new product in the manufacturing line. developed control plans and schedules to support prototype development pre production and zero defect production parts launc h. studied market forecast conducted benchmarking and manufacturing cost analysis for new product introduction. lead apqp dvp r
__label__FITNESS floater/teacher summary to obtain floater/teacher summary to obtain a position teaching children. core qualifications classroom management cooperative with parents motivates students interactive teaching style innovative lesson planning creates a positive atmosphere flexible positive attitude effective listening communicates with others utilizes patience achievements health curriculum and lesson planning created and taught the first health curriculum at the jewish academy of arts and sciences. this curriculum included nutrition myplate portion sizes physical fitness etc. this new health class was for grades 3-5. professional experience 03/2015 to current floater/teacher work with/teach children from ages 6 weeks to pre-k. enforce rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among classes. show love and compassion to the children on a daily basis. teach the children god s love through my interactions with them and by giving positive praise and affection. work with/assist the classroom teachers by following their schedules and lesson plans. 01/2015 to 05/2015 physical education and health teacher as the physical education teacher i taught 60 minute physical education classes to kindergarten first third fourth and fifth grade students. along with physical education my classes also included anatomy muscle and bone and nutrition. safety in the gym/field/classroom was emphasized on a daily basis. lesson plans were developed
__label__ENGINEERING director of engineering experience director of engineering experience director of engineering 01/2014 to 01/2016 familiar and complies with the hotels mission and standards in performing maintenance activities. repairs wide variety of kitchen and refrigeration equipment such as walk-in freezers industrial-sized steam cookers refrigerators ice machines washers ovens dryers dishwashers and water. troubleshooting and repair all models of commercial laundry equipment that we operate. has the ability to read interpret technical information engineering mechanical electrical . maximize maintenance team potential with a balanced focus on operations guests employee and owner s satisfaction. represents the engineering department during the daily hod morning meetings. priorities plan schedule assign and supervise the engineering department staff. oversee the maintenance tasks work orders and special projects ensuring timely and accurate completion. respond to guest s maintenance needs promptly and ensure guests receive professional efficient prompt and courteous service to hotel standards. maintain the physical appearance and operational efficiency of the hotel including physical. mechanical electrical plumbing etc. installation maintenance of all equipment related to hvac water treatment fire safety etc. perform daily and weekly property document inspections. ensure property grounds physical plant and work areas are maintained to standard and that all safety equipment and conditions are to code. establish
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager sales business development manager sales account professional highly experienced senior account manager focused on maximizing sales and expanding network connections by directing every account systematically and logically. will take ownership as a vital role while fulfilling the s mission and exceeding the organization s long term objectives. signature strengths business to business business to customer contract negotiation calm under pressure account management total quality management p l management business development career accomplishments business development manager 07/2005 to current acquired and established successful business development operations and high impact initiatives throughout the dallas market. collaborate through consultations with decision makers to meet their specific needs for new and repeat business. created successful business and marketing plans long term strategies 1 year 3 year and 5 year . recruited and managed contract labor day workers and w2 employees in a high turnover business. delivered results recognized as top sales generator increasing sales level by 60 in 2007 alone. developed department s first incentive performance plan which motivated staff and resulted in 23 average sales increase annually. managed a portfolio of 25 simultaneous accounts which generated 400 thousand in revenue. grew client base from 2 accounts to over 50 accounts in 5 years. senior
__label__HR hr associate mobilization coordinator hr associate mobilization coordinator summary professional with extensive experience in human resources in oil gas company. want to be part of an organization that allows me to utilize my strongest skills to achieve the goals for the as well as my own personal goals. accomplishments mvp award houston 2009. meeting project client set goal of mobilizations to escravos gtl project year end 2008. training focus the basicc of expatriate and foreign nationla taxation houston 2007 death notification training kbr employee assistance program houston 2008. skills ms office word excel outlook and powerpoint sap database applicant tracking system. strong organizational and adminstrative skills develop and implement creative solutions with cost efficiencey and deadlines. articulate and effective communicator and trainer committed to achieving and personal goals and high quality performance standards. experience 01/2009 to current hr generalist mobilized high volume exployees overseas on short/long term in accompanied /unaccompanied status. point of contact form the beginning till the end of expats/inpat assignment. directed and implemented human resource policies and procedures and provided guidance to field human resources managers. created assignment offers compensation packages to include uplifts and base pay per diem allocation additional payments and benefits. directed employee to employee relations policy development
__label__FINANCE finance assistant professional summary finance assistant professional summary college graduate offers strong technical skills and ability to learn concepts quickly. proven ability to manage multiple assignments while meeting tight deadlines. experience in data analysis economic forecasting advanced problem solving collaborative research and presentation skills customer service. skills work history finance assistant 06/2013 to 09/2013 prepare financial statements maintain accurate records in a database generate reports and present data. enter revenue and expense transactions and prepare expense reports. prepare and file financial statements such as balance sheets and income statements. complete purchase orders and customer invoices. calculate sales taxes and make bank deposits. catering specialist 01/2012 to 06/2012 mcalister s deli - corpus christi tx 5/7/12 - 1/2/13. duties included sandwich making order organization order preparation and order delivery. maintained food handler certification. technician full-time spring semester managed a 350-client route. responsibilities included analyzing lawn developing treatment programs to address each lawn s specific problems monitoring lawn status evaluating its progress during every visit and adjusting custom treatment program. customer service representative/driver/food line 02/2009 to 11/2011 entered customer orders prepared pizza dough and toppings made pizzas and delivered customer orders safely within time requirements. education bachelor of arts history 8 2014 texas a m university
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing and public relations marketing and public relations manager summary enthusiastic and creative visual designer with exceptional flexibility and resourcefulness.outstanding time management and prioritization skills in completing time-critical projects.adept at managing heavy workloads while focusing on designing creative visually-appealing graphics. excellent communication interpersonal and client management skills to produce outstanding visual products.thrives in a highly collaborative fast-paced environment. highlights graphic design creative direction art direction budgeting vendor / subcontractor relations brand strategy industry standard software adobe creative suite photoshop illustrator indesign flash acrobat quark xpress microsoft office word excel powerpoint wordpress blackbaud netcommunity constant contact experience design layout and production of collateral such as brochures sell sheets advertisements and trade show booth graphics. flash web demos and web banners design layout and development of online applications such as interactive demos and micro sites for the home appliance and wireless division. developed narration / scripts flash programming. designed rice cooker point roll banner campaign. product packaging design and layout of retail packaging for a variety of sanyo products such as hello kitty toaster coffee maker and waffle maker eneloop rechargeable batteries for breast cancer awareness. blister retail packaging design for eneloop wii remotetm charging system to be sold at costco. packaging design layout and production
__label__FINANCE finance supervisor summary able finance supervisor summary able to adapt and flexible enough to help manage changing priorities and maintain a high standard of work and accuracy in spite of changes. reliable resource and highly valued team member within my department by providing assistance to managers co-workers fpdps interns and taking ownership of my responsibilities in order to meet deadlines and team goals. ability to demonstrate and develop supervisor skills to work with fpdps coming through the program to develop skills needed for commercial bu roles in the future. strong team player who has developed a strong reputation and earned the trust and respect of those around me. open to new and different approaches embracing new requirements and incorporating them into my work while making sure all information is flowing and reported properly. along with quickly learning new skills to adapt. ability to indentify and resolve problems to make sure data is accurate complete and communicated properly. to contribute strong background in finance and my drive for excellence and success to the abbott nutrition organization experience finance supervisor 05/2012 to current develop and consolidate adult institutional financial plans/forecasts including annual plan lrp monthly lbe and s op for the adult business unit to present
__label__AVIATION aviation executive officer summary aviation executive officer summary seasoned leader who possesses effective decision making analytical organizational communication and problem solving skills. a strong background in cross-functional team leadership with extensive experience leading and coaching a very diverse group of employees. skilled in operations and project management with a strong sense of accountability and initiative. comfortable managing complex operations autonomously while maintaining a strategic focus aligned with the organizations vision and centered on its values. experience consulting with business units and customers gleaning lessons learned to implement process improvement throughout the enterprise. committed to the highest level of ethical professional and personal excellence highlights strategic planning global and strategic sourcing negotiations expert team building cost reduction and containment process improvement strategies inventory control contract management relationship building productivity improvement specialist troubleshooting and problem solving contract review and recommendations dedicated affirmative action compliance affirmative action compliance innovative osha inspections affirmative action compliance personnel records maintenance employee relations training and development hiring and retention accomplishments human resources reduced employee turnover by 10 . experience aviation executive officer april 2015 to current second in command over a 42 personnel united states army air ambulance detachment assuming responsibilities of detachment commanding officer in supervisor s absence. managed 60mil
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare consulting project associate healthcare consulting project associate professional summary demonstrates exceptional professional agility adding value quickly in any role. effectively anticipates and responds to non-static clinical operational and financial demands. proven consulting and analytical expertise in physician practice management revenue cycle and in the medical device supply and biopharm market. collaborative partner with leading global health sales teams. leader in strategic market expansion and operational growth. known for unquestionable interpersonal skills and passion for teaching having developed robust education programs. dual us-eu citizen - compelled by language and global markets. education and training may 2013 select one health information technology university of texas - usa health information technology executive education april 2010 master of health administration graduate school of public health university of pittsburgh - usa april 2008 b.a communication and rhetoric university of pittsburgh - usa certificate in professional german graduated magna cum laude august 2005 intensive language studies die neue schule - germany gpa magna cum laude accomplishments more more awarded coveted post graduate administrative fellowship upon master of health administration completion skill highlights microsoft excel word power point visio access nextgen electronic practice management super user nextgen electronic health record end user policytech vantage analytics valify purchased services analytics peoplesoft
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT senior business development manager senior business development manager executive profile experienced sales executive focused on helping others unlock their untapped potential. as a result of our interactions my clients will tell you they receive expert trustworthy candid and objective business advice to make the right decisions for themselves and their organizations. they gain clarity of purpose have increased confidence in their decisions and are comforted knowing they are better positioned to succeed. skill highlights new business acquisition solution development drive for results client relationship management industry thought leadership executive presentations and communications integrity and trust ethics and values personal learning customer focus priority setting motivating others core accomplishments gartner winners circle 2013 2015 anticipated esi international 2011 government sales contributor of the year esi international 2009 top new revenue producer esi international 2008 business development manager of the year esi international 2007-2011 gold club attainment esi international 2005-2006 quota attainment executrain 1996-1997 caribbean club professional experience senior account executive december 2012 to current - field sales role responsible for both direct client contract value retention as well as growth through contract expansion and the introduction of new products and services. the territory for this role includes specific major client accounts within of california government
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior construction manager summary senior construction manager summary construction manager / on - site project manager project manager versed in all aspects of project and personnel management. results-oriented and high-energy professional with a talent for leading by example and inspiring peak performance. history in turning problemed subdivisions into profitable projects through delivery of cost savings solutions and alternative scheduling techniques that allowed for more even flow of construction. decisive results oriented building professional offering 18+ years of experience in the construction industry with the last 10 years focused on project management. offering a range of talents in scheduling/ expediting customer service sales purchasing estimating land development construction techniques and safety. driven by new challenges and desire to be successful in all endeavors. excel in fast paced settings that require multi tasking to complete complex tasks. summary of qualifications concrete estimation permit processing baseline schedules creation site safety coordinator safe job site set-up building codes and regulations blueprint fluency power and hand tool operation residential construction specialist multi family construction specialist ms office proficient organized and detail-oriented project budgeting cost control budgeting and forecasting customer relations specialist process improvement multi-unit operations management risk management vendor sourcing quality assurance and control certified purchasing manager cpm purchasing
__label__SALES sales associate summary to sales associate summary to utilize my business communication and human relation skills to further myself in the organization i work for. dedicated and focused legal support assistant ii who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. skills microsoft office proficiency time management meticulous attention to detail professional and mature strong problem solver resourceful dedicated team player strong interpersonal skills understands grammar experience march 2013 to current duties include assisting prosecuting attorneys in the misdemeanor unit with cases including obtaining police reports blood epas evidentiary preliminary alcohol screening and pas preliminary alcohol screening results generate subpoenas with knowledge of subpoena ducas tacum and personal services skilled in running clets rap sheets dmv fbi etc. with the ability to read and understand the latter knowledge in ordering suspension packets/dmv records from the department of motor vehicles and ordering dui priors from out of county courts. clerical duties include entering updating and closing out cases in the case management system with accuracy and efficiency filing ftas failure to appear future dates and closeout files with in a timely manner. ability to run calendars main add-on and in-custodies from
__label__ADVOCATE victim advocate summary highly victim advocate summary highly motivating detail-oriented and adaptable social services professional skilled in intakes and assessments crisis management and comprehensive case management. possessing a strong background in the criminal justice field excellent organizational and analytical skills extensive experience managing heavy case loads working closely with social services and criminal justice agencies and program management.well-rounded professional experienced in applying principles of psychology to personnel handling administration management and marketing problems. extensive knowledge of human and industry behavior and performance mental processes and assessment methods.energetic job title successful in program development implementation and management as well as community outreach for mission-oriented organizations. highlights problem solving expertise time management ms office proficiency case planning aware of legal and ethical standards able to work independently and as a member of a team comfortable with diverse populations excellent relationship building skills excellent writing and critical thinking skills experience performing assessments interpersonal oral and written communication skills trauma-informed therapy attentive listener empathetic detail-oriented strategic planner self-starter meticulous attention to detail results-oriented self-directed data collection and analysis exceptional organizational skills accomplishments data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions. multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in
__label__FITNESS wellness director professional summary wellness director professional summary skills skills body composition evaluations telehealth experience group instruction one-on-one coaching health education data management supervision planning and coordination training development leadership compassion conflict resolution certifications group fitness instructor nifs certified certified therapeutic exercise specialist ace certified yoga tai chi spin trx behavior modification parkinson s health and wellness aquatics neta aquatic exercise and science and ace certified mixed martial arts and boxing certified inspector association of boxing commissioners. accounting hr promotion administrative instructor public relations arts instruction quality budgets leadership quality control business operations managing relationship-building coaching marketing safety chi market sales interpersonal access statistics excellent neta supervision communication organizational team player conflict resolution personnel trainer clients camera video data management policies composition delivery presentations educator pricing finance processes financial profit forms program development functional progress work history wellness director 09/2015 to current helped clients set and achieve health and wellness goals. conducted group wellness presentations for classes up to 80+ participants. demonstrated safe and correct forms for each exercise and piece of equipment. conducted needs assessments or surveys to determine interest in or satisfaction with wellness and fitness programs events or services. met or exceeded monthly revenue and training goals. performed screenings every month
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant skills business development consultant skills 3-d budgets color council cpt client floor plans forklift manufacturing processes presentations real estate safety sales seminars spreadsheet technician vision experience march 2014 to august 2014 business development consultant phoned emailed and actively followed up with potential leads given to me by management. answered calls and scheduled appointments with the sales team. logged all customer information in vinsolutions. confirmed appointments and scheduled follow ups with customers. notified necessary departments when appointments have been set. maintained a goal of 8-10 appointments created daily. recorded daily and weekly appointment information in a spreadsheet to measure success against our goals. november 2011 to april 2014 senior design consultant developed exterior design concepts and planned the schematic color and finish of the colors chosen. reviewed project costs budgets and adherence to schedules. ensured that the project vision and design intent were reflected successfully. april 2009 to november 2011 expo design desk associate generated more sales leads than any other design associate. assisted lead designers with their floor plans elevations and 3-d perspective views prior to presentation to the client. assisted designers with their material boards for in-house review and presentation. reviewed project costs initially with home owners. voted employee committee
__label__HR assistant manager - hr assistant manager - hr www.linkedin.com/in/sumankumari725b9236 professional summary looking for a challenging position which utilizes my skills hard work and provides opportunities to learn and contribute to the organization. i want to see myself as an active contributor to a team of ambitious people and thereby enhance my knowledge and personality. human resource professional with over 4 years of rich experience in recruitment organization developement time management training development performance management employee engagement tpm audit. worked as an assistant manager- hr generalist profile with varroc polymers pvt. ltd at its manufacturing unit and assisted hrm sap at the unit. possess strong communication interpersonal problem solving skills and analytical skills. strong communication collaboration team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilise the same in a productive manner. fast learner demonstrated ability to learn and master new skills/tools even in strictly harsh deadline mentor and groom resources. skills sap r/3 4.7 ms office word excel power point outlook internet applications . have good understanding of sql html css and javascript. operating systems windows 95/98/2000/xp functional knowledge recruitment organization management time management payroll benefits personal administration training and development ess performance appraisal. work history assistant manager - hr 09/2012
__label__AVIATION senior warrant officer advisor senior warrant officer advisor summary a dedicated and experienced personnel manager education administrator trained in blackboard development technical writing graduate level platform teaching and flight instruction. works well with people at all levels of the organization including stakeholders customers and outside vendors. self-motivated innovative and goal-oriented management professional committed to project accomplishment. dedicated team player skilled at mediation and conflict resolution. flexible operations officer and supervisor driven to manage the design and development of new training programs and modify existing curricula to meet the needs of participants. training instructor who helps participants obtain knowledge and skills required to thrive in a fast-paced setting. highly organized subject matter expert in aviation operations and extremely successful at managing people and time. offers prompt feedback on training assessments participant behavior and the overall effectiveness. professional detail oriented administrator motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team. skill highlights upper-level management project management strategic planning quality management tactical-level analysis reconciliation budget management administrative management logistics management conflict resolution secret security clearance exceptionally organized excellent team-builder analytical strong attention to detail technical writing effective time manager training specialist certified instructional technologies knowledge accomplishments managed the complete redesign of the
__label__HEALTHCARE cashier summary 3 years cashier summary 3 years in fast-paced customer service and call center environments. personable and professional under pressure. motivated customer service specialist with over 3 years retail experience in a fast-paced team-based environment. excellent communicator with a demanding call center environment as a customer service representative. friendly sales associate adept at working in diverse retail and customer service environments. hardworking with background in quickly taking orders managing the drive-thru window and preparing food. pos systems knowledge. fast food professional focused on greeting all customers in a friendly welcoming manner. seeking added responsibilities to help restaurant operations run smoothly. food service worker with exceptional interpersonal skills. reliable punctual and works well under pressure. crew member offering a positive attitude and flexible schedule. works well independently or with others as a team. highlights excellent communication skills and rapid and precise customer service skills self-motivated quick learner strong verbal communication organized multi-tasker team leadership friendly and helpful proficient in cash management. valid oh driver s license local/state health laws knowledge late-night shift availability credit card processing carbonated beverage dispenser cleaning and multi-line phone talent maintenance healthy meal preparation fast and efficient service worker patient-focused care cpr certification. accomplishments employee of the month at taco
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS office administrator professional profile office administrator professional profile skilled and highly organized professional leveraging operational and interpersonal abilities developed during education and experience to excel in administrative operations. operational support track record of contributing effectively to productive operations supporting goals and assisting management in daily functions event planning and marketing efforts. strong organizational skills and eye for detail able to accurately manage records and files as well as proofreading documents. communication strengths proven ability to develop positive relationships with both customers and team members. able to provide customer service by phone and in person clearly presenting information and answering questions as well as promptly resolving issues. consistent success collaborating with team members on daily operations and special projects. computer proficiencies microsoft office word excel access powerpoint and web expression constant contact and internet research and applications. current education in technology management and computer skills certificates adept in spreadsheet database and presentation development. key strengths demonstrated commitment to high performance and exceeding expectations as well as identifying and recommending potential improvements. able to quickly learn and excel in new responsibilities as well as adapting skills to changing needs. proven success in fast-paced deadline-driven environments multitasking to manage competing priorities. qualifications fundamentals office administration supervision results-oriented
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director of information technology director of information technology career overview seeking a position as a director of i.t. in a where i am able to utilize my experience and training in networking troubleshooting and customer relations. qualifications networking - nexus 7k ucs uccx cisco call manager cisco unity cisco attendant console cisco jabber cisco asa cisco ise cisco acs cisco voip cisco routers cisco switches cisco wireless controllers cisco wireless access points cisco ironport juniper firewall operating systems - windows server 2003/2008/2012 sco unix suse linux windows xp/vista/7/10 cisco ios hardware - dell poweredge servers ibm bladecenter dell/hp/lenovo pc laptops cisco/juniper/fortinet switches barracuda/juniper spam web firewall pos label printers barcode scanners rf scanners software - mas90 office 2007/2010/2013/2016 vmware groupwise exchange 2007 aldon remedy putty securecrt vnc wireshark snorby solarwinds orion sql database epicor erp security - nexpose rapid7 snort snorby symantec trustwave pci compliance cisco certified network associate ccna work experience 01/2015 to current director of information technology serves as the main point of contact on all i.t. related matters. located at the corporate headquarters supporting over 60 users locally and 150 users remotely. worked with service providers and vendors cutting it budget over 45 . implemented new mpls network and phone system
__label__TEACHER teacher summary dedicated teaching teacher summary dedicated teaching and counseling educator with 17 of experience. i have successfully taught english to students both children and adults that were new to the country as well as helped and supported them as they assimilated to the us school system and culture. i have also successfully implemented an ib and a regular spanish curriculum to middle and high school students with different levels of language proficiency. during my career i have implemented the alweus bullying prevention program served in lpac committees and student assistance programs administered telpas online assessments and collaborated with other educators as a telpas trainer. core qualifications ma education counseling certification counseling internship in elementary school and juvenile correctional facility high school spanish endorsement bilingual endorsement ib curriculum training professional experience january 1999 to july 2014 teacher 6th grade spanish developed and implemented ib curriculum. fostered citizenship open mindedness and a safe classroom environment so that students felt comfortable taking academic risks. assisted with the implementation of the olweus bullying prevention program. 5th grade developed and implemented 5th grade curriculum to students who were new to the us school system and spoke a language other than english. served in the lpac committee for the
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist infosec information technology specialist infosec summary retired information assurance systems security certification specialist responsible for managing and monitoring information systems and network security and information systems security programs in support of the information security/information assurance mission for u.s. army medical command and defense health agency. also served as a clerk typist and secretary. highlights self-directed results-oriented time management strong interpersonal skills dedicated team player labor relations accomplishments increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols. experience information technology specialist infosec 01/2012 to 11/2015 interpreted scan results implemented corrective action and prepared reports of findings in support of the network infrastructure. worked in coordination with army cyber command and regional computer emergency response army cyber and rcert to support computer networks attacks cna and computer network defense cnd efforts. chief steward 01/2000 to 01/2012 defended the interest of the federal employees at fort sam houston tx. assigned cases to stewards based on their skill sets managed the receptionist area including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. prepared employee s rebuttal to grievances. organized files developed spreadsheets faxed reports and scanned documents. participated in arbitrations mediations and alternate dispute resolutions. education associate of
__label__ENGINEERING mechanical engineering tutor summary mechanical engineering tutor summary driven and a self-motivated mechanical engineer with experience teaching mechanical engineering courses to undergraduate students. seeking opportunities to use those concepts in the field of construction and management. highlights microsoft office word excel power point outlook autocad experience september 2014 to september 2015 mechanical engineering tutor subjects tutored- mechanics probability and statistics matlab operations research calculus. helped students understand the basic concepts of physics and calculus. july 2013 to april 2014 assistant professor august 2011 to july 2012 developed coursework and took lectures for 120 undergraduate students. subjects taught heat and mass transfer strength of materials. mentored a group of 4 undergraduate students for their final year project titled generating fuel from algae . faculty in-charge mechanical engineering students association mesa chapter. president-indian society of heating refrigeration and air conditioning engineers college chapter. april 2010 to august 2013 intern design project development of central chilled water plant system layout for a 45000sq. ft. retail outlet. studied the project life cycle management of the system. headed the intern team and presented weekly progress reports to the lead design engineer academic projects analysis of laser cladding at iit bombay. studied the effects of laser cladding by preplaced powder
__label__AVIATION managed pressure drilling field managed pressure drilling field supervisor professional summary detail oriented and self-motivated with a strong background in the energy sector leading managed pressure drilling operations. resourceful and adaptable due to the ever-changing nature of the military and the oil and gas industry. desire to expand upon multi-skilled background through new challenges and opportunities. core qualifications results-oriented excels in equipment troubleshooting and situational problem solving. reports generation and analysis training and development process improvement personnel management client relations customer satisfaction project management computer proficient technically savvy experience managed pressure drilling field supervisor 07/2014 to current supervise the design implementation and execution of managed pressure drilling projects for offshore drilling operations. lead teams of 3-5 personnel in the integration and operation of pressure control systems and equipment tailored to the client s needs. developed strong customer relations working directly with clients in the energy sector delivering mpd products and expertise. adapted to many roles due to the recent down turn in the energy sector including project management engineering assistance logistics coordination and technical consulting. developed inventory control program for emerging markets abroad and continual process improvements for maintenance facilities. managing client relationship and supporting marking and sales functions within the organization identifying and
__label__DESIGNER senior interior designer professional senior interior designer professional summary interior designer with diverse experiences working on commercial projects throughout the united states utilizing autocad. design experiences include commercial facility planning education government healthcare retail and residential. proven abilities to work on projects independently or as part of a team from inception at programming meetings to completion with budget reconciliation. skills proficient in autocad time management organized strong verbal and written communicator detail oriented building codes knowledge permitting and administration knowledge bidding procedures motivated self-starter work history senior interior designer 02/2012 to 11/2014 independently developed fit studies pricing plans and construction documents for permit. worked with leasing agents to obtain program requirements project scope and develop fit studies. prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with notes details and schedules as required that comply with all applicable acts and codes related to project municipality. submit plans to in-house permit expeditors for permit and in-house construction team for execution. verified that construction detail documentation conformed to quality assurance and best practice standards. completed comprehensive code compliance evaluations. reviewed and discussed zoning laws fire regulations and building codes with healthcare and governing agencies. utilize autocad with aec excel and microsoft word software programs as required to manage assignments.
__label__ARTS executive director professional summary executive director professional summary visionary and motivated hospitality leader with over twenty-five years of experience in project management and financial administration in both public and private sectors. possess an established track record of creating and implementing programs and long term business strategies aimed at growth. passionate about providing healthy nutritious options and enhancing wellness for youth and communities. core qualifications small business development public relations and community outreach in private and public sectors teaching training and public speaking non-profit administration leadership and team building budget administration experience executive director oct 2008 to current - set policies consistent with the mission of the foundation supervised work flow design and delivery of foundation initiatives for strategic plan built strong diplomatic relationships with government agencies and officials successfully secured over one million dollars in grant funds for the foundation developed training programs for restaurants and hotels created new revenue streams to achieve financial solvency for the foundation supervise partnership with thirty-five high schools in culinary and restaurant management programs. owner and operator mar 1998 to sep 2006 - served as president and chief operating officer. directed daily operations including financial human resources marketing inventory control and customer relations to generate optimal revenue streams.
__label__ARTS arts instructor summary motivated arts instructor summary motivated teaching professional with over 22 years experience addressing student needs and ensuring proper student development through formative assessments and student-centered innovations in curriculum implementation of art across multiple content fields. highlights creative lesson planning adept classroom manager differentiating instruction specialist data-driven curriculum expertise learning disabilities expertise assessment techniques for documented growth kind and empathetic urban public schools background experience arts instructor 08/1990 - 05/2012 - planned implemented monitored and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with tempe and arizona board of education art standards taught visual arts specializing in photography serigraphy ceramics mural painting mask making glass mosaics and commercial graphic arts applications. recognized success in art curriculum. curriculum designed developed and implemented daily lessons for 150 students daily effectively motivated students through interactive teaching with audio and visual aids and stimulation of the creative imagination. good working relationships with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues. successful experience in positions of leadership which demanded flexible problem solving skills and organizational abilities. participated in regular training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the field. used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures discussions and demonstrations.presented all class
__label__SALES js sales representative-psr summary js sales representative-psr summary customer-oriented strategic-thinking sales and management professional with over 10+ years of experience. background in building relationships cultivating partnerships retaining top accounts and growing profit channels by establishing trust. persuasive self-motivated leadership professional with expertise in management and sales. proven skills in promoting products and boosting revenue by connecting with customers and effectively communicating sales recommendations. proactive well-organized sales leader successful at meeting and exceeding targets with strategic approaches. skilled lead generator product demonstrator and problem-solver. skills relationship selling territory sales sales closing product management and pricing product and service knowledge post-sales support territory growth product merchandising sales forecasting client account management promotional planning revenue growth team building and leadership brand management working collaboratively organizational and people skills experience sales representative-psr 09/2013 - current recipient of the high five award for meeting sales and customer satisfaction targets and for sustaining above average relationships between and the customer. identified customer needs to deliver relevant product solutions and promotions and meet target budgets. placed orders and answered customer questions in-person through email and over phone to maximize customer service. fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business. kept up-to-date with regional market and industry trends to
__label__SALES sales representative professional summary sales representative professional summary experience sales rep with territory management and closing experience. computer proficient with strong communication skills. offering more than 13 years in outside sales sales operations and marketing. quality-focused account manager focused on driving sales and maximizing profits. directs sales teams with enthusiasm. account manager accomplished in managing customer service for numerous top accounts while simultaneously exceeding sales goals on new and existing products. skills business development organized fast learner highly dependable natural leader enthusiastic yet professional demeanor organized excellent attention to customer satisfaction account and territory management retail sales detail fluent in spanish computer literate work history sales representative - 12/2012 - 09/2014 increased sales volume by adding 10 accounts in the territory. selected the correct products based on customer needs product specifications and applicable regulations. increased sales volume by adding 10 accounts in the rio grande valley territory. negotiated prices terms of sales and service agreements. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met through specific products and services. territory manager - 04/2012 - 11/2013 established new territory for the adding special order stocking dealers. managed portfolio of 30 accounts and 60 000- 90 000 per month in sales. negotiated
__label__AVIATION radiological control technician professional radiological control technician professional summary dynamic college student with over 3 years of nuclear experience working as a qualified radiological control technician working in the radiological control department in a variety of areas including limited facility decommissioning and aircraft carrier refueling on the cvn-72. highly enthusiastic self- motivating and resourceful professional. summary of skills 40- hour current osha 29 cfr 1910.120 hazardous waste quick learner adept multi-tasker category 3 mixed waste worker training life harness qualified u.s. navy article 108 radiological control technician qualification self- disciplined team player respirator qualified microsoft word excel powerpoint self- disciplined team player self- disciplined team player experience radiological control technician 01/2016 to current provide radiological controls oversight of the deconstruction and remediation activities perform daily monitoring of radiological work radiological surveying environment sampling and evaluation and aiding in the preparation of documents that support the transfer of materials and equipment for disposal or release provide radiological oversight and leadership for all crew personnel to ensure the highest radiological standards are kept. doe l clearence radiological control technician 04/2012 to 10/2015 provided work coverage and oversight for maintenance operational and routine work that involved radioactive material provided monitoring for radiation contamination and airborne radioactivity in
__label__ARTS director of community skills director of community skills adobe creative suite microsoft office suite google apps facebook twitter instagram pinterest tumblr google+ youtube blogger wordpress vertical response constant contact raiser s edge proclass campuscafe retailpro ils rentrak additional workshops visual thinking strategy arts healthcare community art projects art storytelling encaustic painting ceramics printmaking. experience director of community august 2017 to current provide customer service and administrative services acting as main point of contact for community education office. facilitate operations and communications with other offices regarding it finance security and hr. use design experience writing and computer skills to market events and programs. design promotional materials for print and web as needed such as postcards fliers banners. manage social media pages and design ad campaigns leverage analytics. increased social media activity by 30 over past two years. design and analyze email marketing campaigns. research and coordinate with marketing staff to place web and print ads. event planning and management for community engagement. provide administrative support to a wide range of constituents. assist students with registration class preparations and communications while working toward enrollment goals. increased enrollment by 7 through fresh marketing strategy and improved customer service policy. assist faculty with design of courses scheduling contracts
__label__TEACHER tw substitute teacher experience tw substitute teacher experience - substitute teacher 01/2008 - current on-call substitute for grades k-12. substitute teacher in the tillamook school system as both a classroom teacher and teacher s aide. followed classroom plans left by class teacher to continue student education and reinforce core concepts. kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies. maintained day to day classroom management to promote learning. - 4-h program assistant open campus assistant 02/2009 - 10/2016 supported educational programs through the delivery of program curricula coordination of program elements or projects assisting with the assessment design implementation and evaluation. recruit supervise and retained volunteers. organize and facilitate day camps after school programs overnight camps and fundraiser s. including travel to national programs. gathered data for annual reporting of program success volunteer hours personal time yearly reports of accomplishments. created a plan of work annually. used 4-h access and 4-h online. promoted extension and 4-h by live radio interviews and public service announcements civic group presentations and daily interaction with the public. established relationships with key stakeholders in the community included tillamook county commissioners business owners and non-profit managers and school district. delivered polished and thorough lectures on topics such as
__label__ADVOCATE clinical service advocate professional clinical service advocate professional summary to be part of an organization which assist and offers services to individuals in need as well as allow me to utilize my past experience and education and offer new challenges as well as growth within the agency. skill highlights areas of specialty domestic violence sexual abuse rape prostitution mental health substance abuse depression anxiety bipolar schizophrenia homelessness community inclusion shelter system hra ssi nycha section 8 community resources mental retardation down syndrome medication dispensing residential services autism runaway teenagers adhd add truancy family intervention experience to seek and obtain employment in an organization wich will allow m utilize my past experince skills as well as aqcired sills and ofer new challeges as well as well as offer growth within th organization education and training bachelor of science human services psychology and sociology 2007 boricua college ny gpa dean s list honor roll student 2006-2007 and 2008 secretary of the student body and vice president of the research studies latinas take a stand against violence human services psychology and sociology dean s list honor roll student 2006-2007 and 2008 secretary of the student body and vice president of the research studies latina take a stand
__label__CONSTRUCTION assistant project manager professional assistant project manager professional summary confident assistant project manager with demonstrated skills in many applicable construction management fields and stakeholder communication. highly effective at tackling multiple tasks at once and working with lots of different personalities. seeking similar position with driven competitive and established company. skills scheduling of meetings client interfacing commercial construction residential construction effective communication construction management team oversight budgeting project estimation and bidding blueprints and schematics good multitasker strong team player knowledgeable in excel word power point cmic procore bluebeam p6 navigate through revit autocad navisworks cost control schedule management work history assistant project manager 07/2017 to current mentored and guided associates in approaches designed to exceed expectations of customers and members adapted quickly to changing and competing project demands adjusted project plans to account for dynamic targets staffing changes and operational specifications supported senior managers and department leaders by completing projects and problem resolution under tight budgets and schedule demands managed cost projections prepared budgets and cost reports delivered high level of service to clients to both maintain and extend relationship for future business opportunities closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems review and assist in accurate exposure projections and actively work
__label__ENGINEERING site engineering career overview site engineering career overview 10+ years total information technology experience both locally and internationally with major information technology and energy companies. experience with report all non-conforming parts materials or drawings to supervisor. with assembly and mechanical experience resolve assembly problems troubleshoot malfunctions and defects of final assembly. report other problems to supervisor to obtain assistance. build a defect-free servers unit and or sub-assembly. complete required in-process inspection repair any defects found. complete final inspection documentation and test of equipment to insure highest quality for delivery to the end user. follow all procedures and processes provided by engineering in accordance to assembly of unit. document quality information as required to support quality process. experience with identify any defects found are documented and corrected prior to delivery of unit. experience with build quality into all products without exception. experience with daily/weekly production schedule as determined by scheduler. deep ability to improvise when needed. profound ability to work with basic math and algebra. proven ability to define problems collects data establish facts and draw valid conclusions. excellent attention to detail and uncommon ability to complete essential duties and responsibilities in an efficient and timely manner. great positive attitude with management and co-workers and
__label__FINANCE director of finance summary director of finance summary seasoned certified management accountant and financial leader with deep and broad health care industry experience in forecasting financial planning and analysis operations reporting and strategic planning highlights cma license #43352 strategic and financial planning expert experience director of finance 07/2002 to current financial planning and analysis leadership and support for consumer service claims global operations appeals and grievances business solutions services and payment integrity organizations with overall annual sg a expense of approximately 825m and 14 000 fte financial oversight of onshore and offshore vendor relationships with an annual budget of approximately 120m partnered with operations leadership to reduce operating expense by 40m in 2014 serving as the finance lead on two operational excellence and optimization projects driving anticipated savings of 39m in 2015 served as the finance lead on the consolidation of the medicare and retirement customer service organization with an annual budget of 120m into benefit operations served as the finance lead on the creation of the payment integrity organization with an annual budget of approximately 28m and 170 fte served as the finance lead on the integration of an acquired service organization with a total annual budget of 3.5m and 90 fte served
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development consultant summary business development consultant summary strategic business development executive entrepreneurial and strategic sales and business development executive with a 7-year track record of exceeding 500 000/month in revenues and continuous advancement in selling enterprise software and distributing mobile technology. strategic achievements include 90 and 83 market penetration with two software startups. strengths strategic saas sales go to market strategy sales operations relationship management enterprise software channel sales strategic partnerships business intelligence data analytics experience business development consultant september 2014 to current hired as consultant to establish sales systems carry out sales campaigns and provide product input on business intelligence software. recruited five retail chains within 2 months representing 167 store locations to commit to purchasing the client s software product and collaborate on its features with the product is still in beta. implemented sales systems combining inbound and outbound lead generation implemented new crm and re-launched the website. designed sales forecasting software product and collaborated on business intelligence software leveraging a foundation in economics and experience with statistical forecasting. distribution manager march 2014 to september 2014 hired to develop distribution channels with auto dealerships and implement inbound marketing programs to sell the plugless charger for electric vehicles. secured the #1 dealership
__label__HEALTHCARE sleep technologist rpsgt summary sleep technologist rpsgt summary healthcare professional with more than ten years experience seeking an opportunity where i can utilize my skills and knowledge in multiple healthcare settings to have a positive impact impact on patient outcomes. looking for a work setting in health information management and technology where my previous training in hippa privacy and security performance improvement and quality assurance will help position me for career advancement. highlights member of ahima member of ilhima member of himss member of hfma more than ten years healthcare experience cpr certified need minimal supervision analytical critical ehr experience skills works proficiently with minimal supervision fluent communication skills demonstrated daily through interactions with various patient and family demographics cpr certified critical thinking while working independently in a patient diagnostic sleep lab disease management inventory control by managing waste and reducing duplicate testing medical terminology windows os patient evaluation patient preparation problem solving strategic planning oxygen education and therapy equipment troubleshooting. accomplishments interscore relability testing 92 average expected 85 . obtained my registered polysomnographic technologist license in 01/2015. graduated valedictorian hannibal la-grange university in 2000. experience sleep technologist rpsgt 12/2015 to current polysomnogram preparation and set up diagnostic testing . pap and oxygen titration
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary well-qualified senior accountant summary well-qualified and detail-oriented accounting professional with over 3 years of successful experience in positions of increasing responsibilities and duties.capable of managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines with a positive can-do attitude.extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes. equipped with a broad knowledge of accounting concepts and strategies to yield the best possible financial outcomes highlights certified management accountant candidate expected year 2016 ethical and behavioral professionalism analytical reasoning financial statement analysis cost accounting erp enterprise resource planning software accounting operations professional complex problem solving effective time management strong organizational skills general ledger accounting account reconciliation expert flexible team player strong communication skills accomplishments achieved 10 cost reduction by renegotiating all contracts annually matching terms with inventory turns making better purchasing decisions outsourcing sales teams and technicians and eliminating other non-strategic cost conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate partnership and s corporation tax returns maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions extensive experience with the implementations of erp systems work history august 2013 to current senior accountant may 2012 to
__label__HR hr contact center specialist hr contact center specialist summary forward-thinking professional with various experience in human resources sales customer service and education offering excellent communication and computer skills highly organized and meticulous. skills ms office suite self-motivated professional team leadership meeting deadlines time management skills experience 07/2016 to current hr contact center specialist answer and resolve employee and people-manager issues including navigational support and processing corrective transactions when required. provide advice on how to complete requests and/or options for next steps based on scenarios. these could include guidance related to completing hr responsibilities year- end compensation mid-year and year-end processes resource planning guidance related to making employee data changes new hires transfers terminations retiring guidance related to the administration of employee programs service recognition pto/vacation entitlement time administration . maintain adherence to all audit/compliance and regulatory requirements. provide support on all hr policies processes and procedures including knowledge of benefits and payroll processes and transactions people-manager responsibilities and employee programs and services including navigational support of all hr systems to the employees people-managers and the hr community. in addition to the above duties i have taken the initiative to be a part of the new hire training women in leadership and support to my
__label__BANKING banking summary hands-on client-oriented banking summary hands-on client-oriented banking professional who implements creative investment strategies and is dedicated to continuous improvement. entry level banking focused on applying excellent research skills and writing ability to a position in business management.enthusiastic business major with excellent communication skills and strong motivation to succeed. highlights cash handling financial analysis ms excel expert analytical financial reporting loan operations managing multiple priorities identifying risks spanish speaking ms office proficiency team leadership excellent communication skills strong lead development skills business negotiation accomplishments client interface collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development. experience banking 11/2016 opened new customer accounts including checking savings and lines of credit.balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.processed cash withdrawals.researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings checking and lines of credit accounts.delivered prompt accurate and excellent customer service.researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications. banking employee 05/2014 to 08/2015 opened new customer accounts including checking savings and lines of credit.balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.processed cash withdrawals.researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings checking and lines of credit accounts.delivered
__label__AVIATION manager continuous improvement skills manager continuous improvement skills fiber optics repair technical skill set formal training learjet 24 piper cherokee aerocommander 520 and cessna 310 airframe and powerplant systems. general inspections troubleshooting and airworthiness determinations made on aircraft utilizing technical publications far s manufacturer maintenance manuals part catalogs and schematics. completed logbook and paperwork documentation. powerplant performed inspection repair installation and troubleshooting on turbine turboshaft reciprocating engines and systems therein including induction exhaust fuel ignition electrical communication/navigation ice and rain instruments and apu. airframe performed maintenance and inspections on hydraulic/pneumatic systems electrical fire protection flight controls and interiors. fabricated airfoils sheet metal and composite from blue print drawings. performed registration marking and painting of aircraft surfaces. professional experience manager continuous improvement november 2014 to current hours worked per week 40hrs responsibilities utilize the tools of six sigma and lean to improve processes across the facilities. lead cross-functional teams in identifying root cause developing and implementing a solution. manage employees assigned as project leaders for continuous improvement projects and events. eliminate waste and variation throughout the facility using continuous improvement roadmaps tools and methodologies to reduce overall cycle times and to improve profitability. identify lead teach and implement improvements by effectively using continuous improvement tools
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development director summary business development director summary i collaborate with multiple stakeholders to determine audience needs quickly developing strategic plans that align with my clients business priorities and strategies. experience business development director 05/1997 to current producing measurable results for my clients by designing unique engagement initiatives for employees sales channel partners and consumers groups. sales of performance improvement products most being intangible services to fortune 500 clients. success at discovering and growing my business with customers who have the potential to spend more than 1 million with me each year. i have designed innovative solutions customized to each customers various objectives and end result needs. managing my internal teams to develop design and operate complex custom projects ranging in value at least 150 000 to millions. titles called on include the entire c suite ceo coo cfo cmo president evp s of marketing sales human resources finance. define business issues to improve revenue and penetrating existing accounts and opening new. sold 17 new accounts while in current position managed sales volume and profit margin with long sales cycle. managed and hired staff of 4 to work with my major global account travel meetings business over 8 years. total book of business constantly
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician highlights pc engineering technician highlights pc operating systems microsoft office outlook internet experience engineering technician 01/2014 to current analyze documentation to ensure production accuracy. use ms excel and powerpoint to create presentations and spreadsheets. engage engineering to resolve production issues. create and maintain production training certifications. generate training matrix to determine and eliminate training gaps. conduct weekly safety audits to reduce accidents and ensure safe workplace. use oracle to track material transactions verify vendor and material information and print transfer orders. point of contact for vendor ossr pm buyer planner and manager for many part issues. initiate stock purge of suspected discrepant material and coordinate the inspection and disposition of the material. manage weekly mrb meetings and provide weekly dmr disposition metrics. work with suppliers to resolve issues with parts found on the manufacturing floor. effectively manage all dmr/rts material initiated by test remotes and build activities. support the txz cover recycle effort through sr initiation and material preparation for shipment to japan. consultant 12/2012 analyzed and determined factors affecting networking needs including hardware and attenuation/interference. set up dual network infrastructure utilizing both wired and wireless routers. austin free-net dec 2012. assist in the design of deployment server for the distribution of
__label__CONSULTANT senior consultant experience senior senior consultant experience senior consultant 09/2015 to current manage the relationship between cvs health med d enrollment operations and egs expert global solutions a. vendor contracted to process member centric requests and operational processes with 230+ employees. engage. with site directors operations managers hr trainers workforce consultants and supervisors to strategically. resolve workflow and deliverable issues. ensure continued service delivery and quality satisfaction from egs and a successful working relationship between cvs and egs. travel to two main sites bi-monthly during med d s annual enrollment period to ensure successful training execution. set service expectations for each line of business. successfully brought up a vendor site with 100+ employees with a 2-month period including access to all systems training and escalations. raised quality from 70 to an average of 98 by holding the cvs business process owner accountable for providing job aids updating old work instructions and hosting level 3 meetings between with the cvs bpo vendor trainers supervisors and leads to review errors. consultant/systems consultant 05/2012 to 09/2015 produced medforce navigation workflow work instructions and management reporting capacities via. microsoft presentation. hosted live meeting trainings level 3 with various user groups. partnered closely with. cvs caremark trainers and new
__label__ACCOUNTANT general accountant career focus general accountant career focus to obtain a position which will allow me to utilize skills i have acquired through my education and work experiences while continuing to expand my knowledge. energetic and motivated student dedicated to providing top-quality patient care. i have ten years of administrative support service with five years of that being in a senior position. i work proficiently in a team environment and demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills. i am detailed and multi-task oriented and believe that i can efficiently accomplish any task placed before me. licenses basic life support bls certification 2013-present skill highlights skilled in conducting physical assessment post-operative care bls certified committed to pediatric nursing type 72 wpm computer skills ms word/excel/powerpoint/outlook ris health connect symposium mainframe abraxas sap professional experience general accountant april 2010 to april 2011 responsibilities maintain general ledgers bookkeeping generate reports from dun and bradstreet establish credit limits for new customers balance books for end of month closing. medical biller/collector december 2009 to april 2010 responsibilities post charges/payments maintained patient charts and confidential files transcription prepare progress reports for workers compensation cases process liens for liability cases manage m.d. s calendars prepare subpoenas answer high-volume phones front desk check-in and scheduling.
__label__ARTS shift supervisor summary service-oriented shift supervisor summary service-oriented shift supervisor with 2 1/2 years background in training workers and maintaining a strong relationship with my workers an customers. core competencies include leadership determination and dedication as well as excellent communication and time management skills. handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency. education and training may 2016 associate of international business international business/ politics monroe community college international business/ politics june 2013 high school diploma international business/ politics kensington high school for the creative and performing arts international business/ politics experience 12/2014 to 08/2015 first-line supervisors of retail sales workers greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. recommend select and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires. answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise. compute sales prices total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment. help customers try on or fit merchandise. maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. maintain records related to sales. sell or arrange for delivery insurance financing or service contracts for merchandise. place special orders or call other stores to find desired items. open and close cash registers performing tasks such as counting money
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare clinical analyst professional healthcare clinical analyst professional experience november 2012 to september 2015 healthcare clinical analyst i entered the insurance arena with no insurance experience and i now successfully serve as a leader in the appeals deparement. i work all lines of business including commercial group and medicare appeals. in this highly collaborative area i work in conjunction with medical directors medical policy pharmacy and to render appeal decisions. i create training materials and train and mentor all new employees.in addition i create and present formal training to employees throughout medical operations. i provide constant process improvement january 2011 to november 2012 manager national childre n s study in this position i began as the assistant manager and was quickly promoted to manager. when i began with the study there was an adversarial relationship between battelle and the university of florida. as the manager i strengthened this relationship and created a positive and constructive partnership. i managed over thirty employees including data collectors and ancillary staff. i developed and implanted the qa program ensured the overall integrity of study implementation and adherence to study protocol conducted field training and inspections evaluated compliance performance monitored and maintained quality of files managed the lab and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY christopher townes summary knowledgeable christopher townes summary knowledgeable information technology specialist capable of setting up and optimizing workstations training users and assisting with process improvement implementation in diverse areas. familiar with cicso business practices and it standards. excellent skills in infrastructure data management and enterprise operations. systematic it professional proficient in network project and emergency management. able to install hardware patch software and configure internal systems. complex problem-solver with top-notch planning and communication strengths. history of maintaining equipment updating software and handling network security with an organized and systematic focus. strong multitasker with excellent communication and planning abilities. effective at configuring user desktops laptops servers and connected devices to work within and security guidelines. successful at coordinating file systems content filters and user accounts. proficient information systems technician successful at troubleshooting technical issues and training end-users. skilled in problem-solving and solution management. comfortable working in teams or individually to maintain and expand technology performance. skills routers staff management hardware troubleshooting network administration cisco help desk support cisco switching cisco routers hardware installations learning strategies software updates repairing system testing software operation monitoring problem-solving skills excellent interpersonal skills end-user support repair advanced computer proficiency industry needs awareness contract review proficiency policy adherence device configuration hardware
__label__TEACHER lead teacher accomplishments chosen lead teacher accomplishments chosen to participate as part of a collaborative with amelia gambetti reggio schools reggio emilia italy usi and deaconess children s center lead teacher - little husky world mind in the making training director of little husky world and tlc nursery. chosen to participate as part of a reggio collaborative with amelia gambetti reggio municipal schools reggio emilia italy usi and deaconess children s center lead teacher - little husky world mind in the making training previously director of little husky world and tlc nursery. professional summary lead teacher/site director capable of managing groups of children. patient educator who collaborates successfully with children parents and staff. enthusiastic lead teacher/site director offering 25 years experience in early childhood education. passionate about child development and learning. friendly outgoing and adaptable in approach capable of successful collaboration with children parents and staff. enthusiastic lead teacher/site director offering 25 years experience in early childhood education. passionate about child development and learning. friendly outgoing and adaptable in approach capable of successful collaboration with children parents and staff. enthusiastic lead teacher/site director offering 25 years experience in early childhood education. passionate about child development and learning. friendly outgoing and adaptable in approach capable
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development representative career business development representative career focus position in sales sales management or account executive roles key skills customer communications prospecting and cold calling upselling and consultative selling account management delivering value proposition proven sales track record accomplishments 4 time stars trip recipient highest percentage to quota named end of quarter super star q1 2015 one of two members in the 200 club 200 to quota member of team of the month dell dell record for most calls in a day 115 voted most outstanding graduate in the department by faculty colorado university emerging leaders program certified employee of the month july 2017 experience business development representative 01/2017 to current directly supports the outside sales team percentage to quota last 3 quarters 133 144 200 responsibilities generating meetings with potential clients running discovery calls and moving deals through sales stages specific focus on penetrating companies with 100 million annual revenue or more directly reports to vp of global strategic sales have secured 2 meetings with ceos daily tasks might include in-person meetings conference calls cold calling cold emails linkedin marketing networking data extraction and attending trade shows senior sale representative and team lead 07/2013 to 01/2017 senior sales rep for dell --
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary a dynamic consultant summary a dynamic public relations professional with 15 years of experience in developing integrated communications and media relations programs that drive executive eminence thought leadership and brand awareness. highlights strong background in integrated multi-channel communications. focus on building thought leadership programs that lead to executive and brand eminence. background in developing social content and strategies that lead to stakeholder engagement. superior media relations skills and a track record of generating positive coverage for clients. experience in providing counsel to senior executives. excellent writing skills author of ghost articles executive speeches bylines blogs video scripts. ability to work across teams and geographies. technical skills and qualifications executive positioning communications media relations thought leadership and content development executive platform development ghostwriting social strategy speakers bureau. experience consultant 02/2016 to current provide counsel on content strategy product positioning and messaging d evelop thought leadership content co nduct media and message training. senior vice president 10/2015 to 01/2016 managed a team of 10 people was responsible for evaluating managing and optimizing team performance to drive top-quality client service. group vice president 05/2013 to 10/2015 led executive eminence and influencer/media relations programs for deloitte tax and audit ceos deloitte llp chairman and the leader
__label__ARTS assistant acquisitions and dispositions assistant acquisitions and dispositions summary acquisitions and dispositions coordinator adept in client relations due diligence and real estate management. seeks a challenging position in property management with room for continued growth and professional development. experience february 2007 to current assistant acquisitions and dispositions coordinate due diligence information in the disposition of non-core properties to brokers and principals/investors facilitate underwriting of potential acquisitions in coordination with leasing reps and regional asset managers work on the capital harvesting program to sell off non-core assets and out-parcels in creating capital that can be redeployed into better-performing core assets manage acquisitions and dispositions network drive and update the website as properties are sold and acquired organize investment committee meetings for discussion and approval of redevelopment properties as well as approval of acquiring or disposing of assets prepare property reports such as rent rolls tenant sales aged receivables and operating statements for the analysis of core and non-core properties slated for disposition november 2000 to january 2007 sales and product associate supported associate field sales representatives to assist with high-volume single or multi-site customers acted as liaison between customers and field representatives to generate leads and quotations for possible future sales diligently researched information in
__label__ARTS student teacher summary visual student teacher summary visual arts specialist with 11 years experience in elementary art education. demonstrated skill in individualizing instruction based on students needs and interests. highlights adobe creative cloud illustrator indesign photoshop muse microsoft office word excel powerpoint wordpress imovie ohio teaching licensure visual arts pk-12 experience october 2003 student teacher designed and implemented daily lesson plans based on oak hills school district visual arts curriculum national visual arts standards and ohio visual arts standards. evaluated student artwork based on stated criteria. displayed student artwork throughout the school building. october 2003 to current student teacher designed and implemented daily lesson plans based on oak hills school district visual arts curriculum national visual arts standards and ohio visual arts standards initiated and arranged a school field trip to cincinnati art museum and contemporary arts center as an extension of classroom learning assessed student artwork based on stated criteria displayed student artwork throughout the school building planned and installed student sculpture exhibit at delhi public library. january 2004 to current visual arts teacher design and implement daily lesson plans for grades 1-8 based on national visual arts standards and ohio visual arts standards teach interdisciplinary units with grade level teachers that integrate
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant professional summary it consultant professional summary talented it professional specializing in leading high-performing and multi-disciplinary teams from product development through successful product launches. accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments. skills database design excellent problem-solving abilities windows and linux website and portal monitoring network maintenance data backup and retrieval product templates brand development php excellent communication skills seo coding and strategy website maintenance adobe photoshop adobe illustrator mailchimp powerpoint presentations web content html and css adobe indesign superior verbal and written communication skills ap mla and chicago manuals of style natural leader self-starter desktop and laptop repair patient work history it consultant 01/2001 to current it management and marketing consultant providing business solutions training and motivation along with design and production for print and web certified with sage software and intuit. designed and customized databases and created software integration solutions. developed web and ecommerce sites. designed and implemented motivation and training programs and workflow solutions provided training for ibm continental airlines american airlines exxon provided troubleshooting and help desk support developed search engine marketing and keyword strategy for ecommerce and lead generating websites performed website analysis including performance metrics. established compatibility with third party software products by developing program
__label__BANKING assistant manager career overview assistant manager career overview committed and motivated office professional with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. strong work ethic professional demeanor and great initiative. skill highlights professional and mature strong interpersonal skills people-oriented excellent work ethic microsoft office proficiency meticulous attention to detail problem resolution excellent time management skills schedule management core accomplishments process improvement oversaw implementation of instant issue datacard system which resulted in more cost-effective service. data organization improved office organization by compiling monthly sales and performance reports for employee evaluations using advanced microsoft excel functions. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. professional experience assistant manager june 2014 to january 2015 coach motivate and develop staff prepare disciplinary notes and performance evaluations responsible for branch vault and atm settlement daily and reconciling differences as needed work at the greeter desk to greet members as they come in direct them to the appropriate area of the branch and schedule appointments help to monitor and answer calls coming thru the call center resolve customer issues in a timely manner. serve
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS writer summary i am writer summary i am seeking an oppurtunity to give me the experience i would need to obtain a highly rewarding job in the film and documentary field. i want to work in an intellectually stimulating environment whilst being challenged and improving upon the skills necessary to move up in the professional world. a skilled student with experience working production and photography for a small business holding leadership positions and organizing events within small communities providing excellent communication skills and task oriented work in both group settings and professional environments. a hardworking film student who prioritizes working on set career and a stimulating learning environment. skills microsoft office excel powerpoint proficient strong verbal communication quick learner issue resolution attention to detail energetic and organized apa and mla formatting fact checking self-motivated independent worker experience writer september 2016 to current covered many varsity sporting events as well as pieces on teams and people within the chapman athletics program. provided analytics and insight as well as game commentary. showed knowledge and experience in sports as well as eloquent writing abilities. momentarily ran the chapman fashion blog tackling the presence of cultural differences and self-expression on campus. accomplishments major projects include recruiting clients finding
__label__APPAREL assistant manager highlights microsoft assistant manager highlights microsoft office suite experience 04/2012 to current assistant manager manage an 8.4 million volume luxury shoe sales floor recruit train develop and manage a team of 15 to meet and exceed their sales goals communicate weekly with buying office to maximize our market specific product assortment successfully plan and execute various events such as product launches product knowledge trainings corporate events client luncheons charity events etc. fulfill all management responsibilities such as oversee store opening and closing procedures direct sales floor activities assist customers input and prepare sales reports daily inventory control etc. 06/2011 to 04/2012 sales associate- designer salon shoes competitive drive to succeed in a commission based environment meeting and superseding volume goals maintained constant client communication and excelled in providing customer service daily demonstrated in-depth knowledge of product and current market trends to meet customer needs internship- designer salon shoes received top volume performance award worked closely with many levels of management on various store projects sales associate key holder implement and maintain all merchandising directives and ensure execution of effective merchandising strategies conduct regular audits of store paperwork including overages/shortages deposit slips etc. and track trends to ensure that cash control procedures are
__label__CONSULTANT owner/principle consultant executive profile owner/principle consultant executive profile education and project management consultant with a career path that emphasizes strategy and development. throughout my career my passion has been supporting high-level influencer s in educational and youth-serving non-profit organizations in both strategic and tactical decision-making. i have worked in high-performance and high impact educational organizations for 15 years. i am an effective motivator and results oriented leader with a passion for excellence and working with diverse individuals. i have superior cross-functional and remote team communication skills and am committed to follow through on all challenges for ultimate organization success. skill highlights project management social entrepreneurship service quality improvement budgeting change management facilitation training and instructional design hard-worker fast learner business and strategic planning cultural competency knowledge management systems design and implementation core accomplishments us army veteran. logistics and supply specialist. honorably discharged. scrum agile expert certified. understands agile philosophy and practices including scrum kanban dsdm crystal xp and fdd has a working knowledge of the various agile and lean project management methodologies has ability to compare and choose which methodology would be appropriate in a given situation. pmp. application in process. professional experience owner/principle consultant may 2013 to current manages a portfolio of higher
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development intern summary business development intern summary highly skilled and organized individual who has won employee of the month a lot of times with an infectious enthusiasm to work in fast paced environment. highlights focused and disciplined high volume production capability bilingual english/twi healthy cuisine expert exceptional written and oral communication abilities experience dietary aide 09/2013 to current collaborated extensively with interdisciplinary care team to meet the nutritional needs of each resident. devised meal plans in line with patients age gender diagnosis cultural background and religious practices. conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports. advised new cooking techniques and equipment to kitchen staff. chef 05/2013 to 08/2013 identified opportunities to increase revenue decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest satisfaction. served classic english french and modern european. collaborated closely with the food and beverage director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service product and personnel issues kitchen manager 08/2008 to 04/2013 operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills deep-fat fryers and griddles. tremendously increased sales after becoming the manager. monitored customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. directed and supervised employees engaged in sales food preparation determined staff promotions and demotions and terminated employees
__label__HEALTHCARE electronic health record optimization electronic health record optimization specialist skill highlights analyst skills - managed care contract analysis payment analysis and appeal quality data analysis and above average computer skills - microsoft office suite adobe full version athena clarity crystal reports internet and email proficiency professional experience electronic health record optimization specialist assist primary care practices and providers to improve quality scores through expertise in practice workflow electronic health record systems and quality measures. assists practices in implementing and using systems quality reporting ehr modules to improve patient care and outcomes and provide the clinical data required to satisfy contract requirements. provides support for population management at the pod and practice level by tracking and monitoring individual process and outcome measures for eligible managed care and medicare patients who have chronic diseases such as diabetes cardiovascular disease and depression. understands and can clearly communicate both verbally and in writing clinical quality measure components of global payment contracts and ehr use requirements. understands the federal and ehr incentive programs mandates and legal requirements and develops and implements programs to educate providers and staff on achieving federal and incentives and if required compliance with legal obligations. meaningful use icd10 hipaa privacy assists ehr team in creating
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology student career information technology student career overview results-driven database administrator with extensive education in programming relational database management and computer technology maintenance. qualifications database servers structured query language sql expert programming and design skills document management strong collaborative skills strong analytical skills customer needs assessment excellent problem solving skills technical skills skills experience total years last used windows unix linux mac osx vmware http/apache dns/bind ssh snmp dns dhcp ftp intermediate 2 may 2016 accomplishments customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. data preparation prepared chain of custody packets for title sale reviews of procedures and fees/services justification. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. reporting maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects. application design used object-oriented design/programming to design new stand-alone application. planned installed configured and monitored document management infrastructure. coordinated scheduled software and hardware patches upgrades and enhancements to platforms. collaborated with it teams to design and implement continuous process improvements to prevent production application incidents. work experience january 2014 to current information technology student presented various projects including vpn
__label__APPAREL office manager - 40+ office manager - 40+ hours per week professional summary human recourses/office manager with 4-years background in employee management hiring computer training and benefits. highly detail-oriented and organized. works well in a team setting and alone. very self-motivated and results-driven with strong communication analytical problem solving reasoning skills and data entry. highly enthusiastic and goal oriented. licenses cna license - na0010346149 cpr certification bls - basic life support in process of earning my electrocardiogram certification through amca in process of earning my phlebotomy certification through amca skill highlights hiring and retention training and development employee relations new hire orientation client relations specialist focused on customer satisfaction scheduling deadline-oriented personnel records maintenance recruiting compensation/payroll skilled multi-tasker one-site tenant tracer adp payroll quickbooks microsoft word and excel software proficiency training and development professional experience office manager - 40+ hours per week may 2015 to november 2016 - quickbooks experience ms office word excel internet and database searching . data entry and work processing skills with a high level of accuracy and the ability to proofread and verify information. i interacted effectively with the public. maintained confidentiality of records and all information. dealt with the texas workforce commission twc and also the department of
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary top finance manager summary top performing individual with a consistent track record of surpassing sales goals and meeting objections. extensive sales experience in the retail and customer service industry specializing in auto sales. an innovative manager who has lead a cohesive sales team in consistently achieving aggressive stretch goals with unique abilities in making decisions and problem solving. highlights excellent communication contracts and negotiations cross-cultural sales background marketing leadership management bi-lingual accomplishments exceeded sales goals by 40 on a monthly basis which led to promotion to finance manager in 4 months. managed a successful sales team of 12 members who consistently exceeded sales goals by 20 each month. experience finance manager 11/2010 to 01/2015 understands automobiles by studying characteristics capabilities and features comparing and contrasting competitive models inspecting automobiles. develops buyers by maintaining rapport with previous customers suggesting trade- ins meeting prospects at community activities greeting drop-ins responding to inquiries recommending sales campaigns and promotions. closes sales by overcoming objections asking for sales negotiating price completing sales or purchase contracts explaining provisions explaining and offering warranties services and financing collects payment delivers autos. continuously seeking new lending institutions and maintained good working relationships to secure competitive interest rates and financing programs.
__label__BANKING consumer banking default management consumer banking default management supervisor summary innovative customer service manager who effectively executes process changes to improve operational efficiency. dedicated to providing excellent customer service and making operational and procedural improvements. highlights microsoft word microsoft excel microsoft access microsoft power point management payroll staffing/scheduling strategic management lotus notes hogan lease master als cpi cacs his 10-key client relations specialist conflict resolution techniques team management management of remote employees focused on customer satisfaction skilled multi-tasker training and development scheduling accomplishments developing leaders - management training program. reduced staff turnover by 20 in one year by implementing several well-received team and morale-building programs. experience consumer banking default management supervisor october 2007 to current supervising a team of up to 7 - 10 collectors in a proactive and caring way to achieve the delinquency targets provided by upper management. managed daily operations dealt with customers and supported and worked with the management to motivate growth. working with the cbdm team to understand and proactively supervise the daily and weekly performance data that is provided to me. work closely with upper management to implement efficiency improvement ideas and process improvement initiatives. assist the auto dialer team in managing and measuring call handling within collections
__label__HR hr partner summary experienced hr partner summary experienced human resources business partner with expertise in partnering with line of business leaders to provide guidance on human capital strategies to include but not limited to employee relations talent management compensation etc. in order meet business goals and objectives. highlights project management matrix management experience talent management expertise employee relations expertise performance management strategies compensation experience employment law knowledge manager coaching and training presentation/facilitation experience accomplishments lead project teams to address human capital strategies i.e. performance management rewards and recognition etc. that resulted in manager tools and resources. developed and facilitated change management training for all front-line managers in the line of business. developed trained and implemented common attendance guidelines for line of business and executed to the new guidelines. experience hr partner june 2007 to current provide strategic human resources guidance and oversight on a wide range of activities in support of assigned line of business. in both a hierarchical and matrix management environment collaborate with senior leadership teams to influence organizational design management practices and work environment changes. lead project teams on end-to-end strategy on human capital initiatives i.e. retention rewards and recognition performance management etc. problem-solve mid-complex issues as they arise with all
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations/social media management public relations/social media management summary public relations manager with strong communications event planning media relations and social media experience within consumer brands. solid experience establishing excellent media contacts within the beauty fashion and technology industries. strong project management skills with ability to execute projects effectively and efficiently. served as brand representative for english/spanish speaking tv segments both nationally regionally appeared regularly on access hollywood live e news nbc san antonio living abc 7 news better mornings and miami live. accomplishments experience public relations/social media management 07/2014 to current public relations and social media career highlights responsible for pitching and securing positive press coverage for all clients through all media platforms including tv print digital social media and blogs for startups responsibilities managing events lifestyle media relations entertainment multicultural aa hispanic beauty and fashion b2b parenting sports natural wellness and spirits. executing brand awareness programs through consistent marketing efforts product campaign events and launches. social media management. public relations and social media manager 11/2012 to 06/2014 responsible for the execution management of strategies supporting content development influencer marketing events strategic partnerships cause marketing and social media campaigns. managed online and print advertising budgets up to 1m identified customer needs through market
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development representative accomplishments business development representative accomplishments achievement driven and results-oriented individual interested in working in business management or sales. summary youthful yet very mature willing to learn and grow excited about finding a challenging position that gives me an opportunity to contribute. quick learner with attention to detail. excellent ability to think out of the box and solve problems. superb leadership intrapersonal and people skills. flexible and open to new challenges. professional summary achievement driven and results-oriented individual interested in working in business management or sales. skills ms office suite salesforce.com pipedrive.com birst/intradiem reports cpr certification 2012 ms office suite salesforce.com pipedrive.com birst/intradiem reports cpr certification 2012 self-motivated dedicated team player highly competitive interpersonal skills salesforce.com pipedrive.com birst/intradiem reports ms office suite self-motivated dedicated team player highly competitive interpersonal skills salesforce.com pipedrive.com birst/intradiem reports ms office suite mailchimp.com self-motivated dedicated team player highly competitive interpersonal skills work history business development representative 05/2017 to current increased gross revenue by 6 per month. generate new business by adding new retailers and working with existing retailers to strengthen and grow the relationship. develop relationships with retailers via outbound cold calls and email campaigns to decision makers. follow 7 touches in 7 days plan for new
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager / project construction manager / project coordinator / inspector summary to demonstrate my architectural and construction management skills which will help contribute to an organization s success. skills paradox microsoft office suite work history experience 01/1995 to 01/2001 construction manager / project coordinator / inspector maintained management information system to provide data essential to planning and control of project development. scheduled monitored and reported on the progress of approximately 90 assigned projects. ensured adherence to time schedules and compliance with contracts requirements. responded to all contractors correspondence on behalf of the agency. monitored the contractor performance quality and work progress. ensured compliance with plans and specification for construction projects. reviewed and identified any necessary changes to the contract based on field conditions. provided technical guidance to the development staff. maintained accurate records and subsequent authorization of payments. 02/1989 to 02/1994 resident engineer/construction proj mgr special projects unit construction manager supervised reconstruction/restoration of 8 million nyc recreational center. managed approximately 15-20 jobs simultaneously. coordinated and inspected contractor work daily. conducted weekly site coordination meetings and monthly progress meetings. coordinated contractor work between local utility companies and agencies. negotiated all change order work and authorized contractor payments. managed interpretation of blueprints and specifications for
__label__TEACHER biology teacher experience 11/2016 biology teacher experience 11/2016 to current biology teacher execute implement and modify lesson plans while incorporating differentiated instruction and multiple intelligences. design and align lessons labs and assessments incorporating stem problem based learning common core and ngss. volunteer and participate in schools extracurricular activities such as selling tickets for the school talent show and participating in the lindenwold hs 5k for the scholarship fund. teach and translate materials utilizing sheltered instruction techniques for english language learners. co-teach with special education teachers while executing modifications in student iep and 504 plans. plan and present google applications training for lindenwold hs professional development. 09/2011 to 11/2016 biology teacher seek out of district professional development opportunities including but not limited to njea and nsta conventions and addition programs focused in science standards stem. successfully fundraise money for incorporating additional technologies ti nspire cx graphing calculators for the classroom through donorschoose.org. execute implement and modify lesson plans while incorporating differentiated instruction and multiple intelligences. design and align lessons labs and assessments incorporating stem problem based learning common core and ngss. implement ideas practices and theories from professional development workshops. turn-key for other teachers . co-teach with special education teachers while executing modifications in student
__label__CONSULTANT consultant skills assessment project consultant skills assessment project management - consult with clients to gain detailed information used to develop comprehensive project plans and tasks. process improvements - the ability to devise and implement processes procedures systems and internal controls to strengthen operations and enhance customer satisfaction. professional training and development - extensive knowledge of electronic health care software and its clinical functionality as it relates to clinic workflow including documentation orders and medications. experience 01/2014 to current consultant currently contracted by community health systems chs of franklin tn to work with the training manager and coordinator to manage training issues and risks associated with projects using standard tools and processes. collaborate with the chs project team to populate and establish training environments for training activities. apply principles of adult learning theory group dynamics group facilitation needs analysis program design and evaluation and change management into day-to-day practice and program offerings. provide webex sessions as well as on-site training classes where necessary. ensure training sessions are consistent with regulatory and clinical workflows. work with organizations to solve issues create value maximize growth and improve business performance. assist with follow up evaluations for recommendations on improving usage of the software systems in the various clinics
__label__CONSTRUCTION project coordinator construction side project coordinator construction side summary resourceful and accomplished office manager with extensive office operations and personnel organization expertise.versatile office manager capable of managing dynamic and cross-functional teams as well as projects. over 10 years of progressive experience in business management and the legal arena. highlights interpersonal skills works independently handles pressure well meets deadlines proficient managerial skills effective team leader and efficient team player excellent customer service skills exemplary work ethic multi-tasks plans and organizes individual and corporate meetings excellent written and verbal communication skills technical skills typing 70 wpm dictaphone transcription speed writing casenet proficiency in microsoft word 95 through word 2007 microsoft word perfect excel outlook access powerpoint timeslips quikbooks other miscellaneous programs calendaring travel arrangements itineraries proficient in using the tickle system for legal and corporate matters filing fax machine copiers travel arrangements e-filing multi-line telephone systems. data entry superior minutes of meetings a/p - a/r skills legal experience 10+ years administrative law corporate law ip contractual law bankruptcy law debtor s rights chapter 7 and 13 workers compensation law. domestic/family law estate planning personal injury medical malpractice plaintiff and defendant work creditor and debtors rights accomplishments increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and
__label__FITNESS senior sales management consultant senior sales management consultant professional summary executive-level business manager and entrepreneur with experience running start-ups emerging companies and alternative investments. strong technology and product development expertise with a focus on building strategic relationships. proven track record in creating scalable customer service operations infrastructures and leveraging social media to nurture relationships with customers. skills work history management consultant/sales executive 06/2017 to current holistic solutions for client through identifying new products/services ranging from banking solutions to alternative investment opportunities holistic solutions for client through identifying new products/services ranging from banking solutions to alternative investment opportunities established relationships with key decision-makers within customer s organization to promote growth and retention capitalized on industry and marketplace trends to strategize solutions and enhance business operations over 7 million dollars in insurance lines sold in 36 months over 140 000 in net commissions year 1. 180 000 nc year 2. 200 000 expected in year 3 ranked eighth out of 170 agents nationwide conduct site visits to assess needs demonstrate p facilitated 37 increase in top line sales over 24 months drove retailer engagement improved retailer satisfaction and earned retailer advocacy through communication and relationship management senior small business analyst/consultant manager 06/2015 to 05/2017 conducted thorough
__label__HR hr generalist summary hr hr generalist summary hr generalist with 8 yrs of professional experience in employee recruitment orientation engagement assimilation and termination procedures . highlights employee recruitment talent acquisition new employee orientations employee engagement and assimilation vendor management termination procedures ms office proficient experience hr generalist november 2006 to may 2015 - onboarding welcoming the new employees onboard by ensuring they have a pleasant experience. verifying and collecting all the mandatory educational employment documents. performing a reference check on the day of on boarding incase any document is not available. hr engagement and assimilation handling employee s queries with respect to joining formalities taking induction for the new joinees and briefing them about ibm and the concerned bu s to which they will be a part of. briefing the new joiners on various policies like payroll payables medical insurance reimbursement superannuation etc. updating the joiner s data /no-shows data in gom. ensure all the relevant departments are informed about the new joiners. managing attendance and leave for the team. mentoring coaching new team members across locations on the process and ensure they execute the process successfully. preparing weekly daily mis reports. preparing mom and sharing it to the team for every weekly team
__label__TEACHER lead teacher summary to lead teacher summary to secure a position where i can utilize my skills work ethic achievement where we it can be an asset to your company. highlights knowledge of windows microsoft word powerpoint excel and internet explorer hair stylist and makeup stylist. experience lead teacher 12/2015 to 06/2016 promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. maintained daily records of children s individual activities behaviors meals and naps. assigned to work with academic education director to provide and maintain a positive and appropriate educational program that meets the social emotional physical and intellectual needs of the children within my care. established a safe play environment for the children. accomplishments during my time at this job i have learned to understand children at different age group and how they function as their brain developed and interact with their peers. passenger service 06/2015 to 12/2015 greet passengers and check documents input passengers information into the computer checked baggage and collected baggage charges. printed itineraries and tickets for an average of 30 passengers per flight. check in passengers for flight resevations escort first and business class passengers to lounge check and scan boarding pass before passengers board the plane teachers aide 01/2015
__label__SALES sales supervisor - sales sales supervisor - sales effectiveness summary experienced sales supervisor and recognized training facilitator with over 25 years of sales experience in the utility industry. proven track record of implementing successful sales programs to exceed team and goals. highlights microsoft dynamics crm subject matter expert chosen to represent sales as crm product owner for 2018 product upgrade certified facilitator - 7 habits of highly effective people leed certified one of three at the time with png commercial sales person of the year 2008 piedmont natural gas excellent communication skills self-motivated and highly driven to succeed gsa committee member and facilitator for final product implementation established track record of exceptional sales results experienced project management utilizing sales systems agile trained experience sales supervisor - sales effectiveness 11/2015 to current led of virtual team of 6 full time sales support coordinators. managed the partner financing for legacy png. integrating in process duke gas sales with piedmont natural gas sales implemented a procedure to aid in project management implemented additional responsibilities for the team by monitoring and evaluating productivity levels and bandwidth developed a welcome package to send to all residential builders maintained updated and developed policies and procedures for the sales team converted
__label__TEACHER master teacher highlights home master teacher highlights home schooling knowledge calm and patient certified in early childhood education head start programs strong communicator toddler and preschool curricula classroom management classroom management skills i have a lot patience i communicate really well with children i can usually calm a stressful situation quickly. education early childhood education 2000 san jacinto college usa coursework in child nutritionchild abuse awareness trainingcoursework in emergency preparednesscoursework in behavior managementemphasis in child development high school diploma general 1991 beaumont high school usa emphasis in child development experience master teacher sep 2010 to apr 2013 conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs.encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others.observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support.physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.organized field trips to local parks fire stations and zoos.helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons.implemented emergent curriculum to encourage student participation.supplied one-on-one attention to each student while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.wrote daily and weekly lesson plans.administered minor first aid to injured students.applied the positive
__label__HR hr business partner summary hr business partner summary proactive human resources business partner guiding performance management talent planning and benefits. decisive with proven success providing employee relations support and oversight for efficient operations. extensive knowledge and experience developing code of business conduct and ethics policies. skills leadership development collaborative organization and efficiency exemplary verbal and written communication time management conflict mediation self-starter hr experience in technology field professional experience hr business partner - 08/2020 - 01/2021 served as the primary point of contact for the hr department for each assigned network by providing direct assistance or connecting them with the appropriate hr specialist. advised supervisors and management in performance management strategies and interventions including reviews of disciplinary procedures and actions and recommendations for separations of employment. assisted with formal and informal inquiriesand investigations in conjunction with external legal counsel as necessary. identified areas of opportunity for change initiatives that will positively influence assigned network performance and success. worked with assigned networks leadership to develop strategies and interventions for problems areas such as turnover and compliance with training evaluations and other employment related requirements. assisted and advised network leadership on departmental structure and job creation and analysis including editing of job descriptions and developing appropriate
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary experienced highly accountant summary experienced highly motivated work ethic with results-driven professionalism recognized for commitment to excellence and demonstrates expertise in communicating and collaborating with peers and clients. portrays excellent business acumen and successfully provide accurate accounts receivables collections and accounts payable initiatives that achieves targeted goals. self-motivated professional able to work independently or in a team environment demonstrating broad based and transferable qualifications. highlights extensive knowledge of microsoft windows computer systems and mac operating system. proficient in microsoft office word excel power point . basic experience with quickbooks enterprise solutions 9.0 sage/mas software peachtree and microsoft access. account reconciliation expert general ledger accounting flexible team player experience january 2010 to november 2013 accountant managed over 10 million per month in revenue. accurately applied payments to vendor accounts. researched and resolved incorrect payments eob rejections and other issues with outstanding accounts. successfully boosted collections from 40 to 90 within 2 years. trained new and existing employees on all new procedures and computer programs. ran monthly aging reports to compile billing statements for vendors for outstanding invoices. utilize the following hcfa cms 1500 /icd-9/cpt/hcpcs coding and ub-04 to prepare and submit claims for mltc billing. ensure claims are entered and submitted with 48
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary to utilize accountant summary to utilize my customer relations and management background to obtain a position with a that places importance on efficiency and success. employ natural leadership and interpersonal skills to build relationships throughout the organization. experience accountant aug 2015 to current accounting for six companies maintained confidential information such as pay rates bonus targets and pay grades processed payroll electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments reconciled all bank and credit card accounts processed journal entries online transfers and payments internal and external analyzed cost control and provided timely financial information to support goals cost effective purchasing office equipment supplies janitorial food beverage reviewed book entries to ensure accuracy of the g/l assisted the cfo with the production of the monthly financials and management reports prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget tracked and verified accurate receipt of purchase orders and verified costs against vendor invoices processed a/p weekly working with 50+ vendors processed purchase orders and communicated with customers regarding orders researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency researched and resolved billing and invoice problems director of finance accounts jun 2014 to aug 2015 responsible
__label__CHEF senior executive chef executive senior executive chef executive profile to seek employment as a executive chef where i can offer my skills and experience skill highlights self-motivated training and developing of staff. core accomplishments staff development launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12 increase in productivity. core accomplishments staff development launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12 increase in productivity. professional experience senior executive chef may 2015 to current - reduced food costs by 12 percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format. consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners praise. prepared healthy enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for diners. prepared a variety of local and seasonal specialties which contributed to a 10 boost in sales during the summer months. expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. implemented and supported initiatives and programs. consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal and local sanitation and safety requirements. followed proper food handling methods
__label__ADVOCATE customer service advocate professional customer service advocate professional summary talented customer service manager skilled at balancing customer needs and demands. effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals. a sales manager skilled in exceeding sales goals and expectations by expanding client base and maintaining high standards of customer service.energetic and reliable retail sales manager skilled in high-end merchandise environments. core qualifications superb sales professional store planning and design strong communication skills detail-oriented personnel training and development. time management proficient in ms office strong organizational skills active listening skills seasoned in conflict resolution telephone inquiries specialist experience customer service advocate march 2015 to current - collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. sales manager october 1995 to february 2014 - delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer.addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints.design and implemented customer satisfaction metrics.completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.trained all new managers on store procedures and policies.trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service.contributed to merchandising ideas at team sale meetings.reorganized the sales floor to meet demands.stocked and restocked inventory
__label__FINANCE finance manager executive profile finance manager executive profile administrative professional offering excellent communication and computer skills. meets deadlines and works with a high level of multicultural awareness and adaptability. skill highlights extensive knowledlge of real estate programs management experience multitasking extensive customer service and problem solving experience proficient in quick books act and microsoft outlook. microsoft office project management. professional experience finance manager june 2015 to current - manage all finances through quick books budget planning reconciliation of all accounts accounts receivables and payables. national sales director and national rehab supervisor september 2013 to july 2015 - supervised and coordinate evictions with eviction attorneys to faciltated cash for keys negotiations and/or sheriff lock outs and supervise and coordinated rehab of investment properties nationally by gathering reviewing all bids for work orders and construction bids. coordinated with agents nationally on purchases and sales of investment holdings. review and negotiate all listing and purchase contracts as outlined by investors advise investors on current property activity and prob ems that occurred and their resolution. maintain national pool of real estate agent through interviewing hiring and discharge process. review and process all accounts payable from vendors before sending to accounting with appropriate paperwork. acted as office manage of
__label__ENGINEERING engineering specialist professional profile engineering specialist professional profile have managed major equipment installations and upgrades strong troubleshooting ability to resolve electrical mechanical defects. experienced w/ voltage up to 480 three phase extensive knowledge in programming troubleshooting and maintaining allen bradley plc 5 slc 500 control logix 5000 plc systems and devicenet. able to program troubleshoot and electrically/mechanically repair fanuc robotics using the rj-3 and r30ia controllers. able to program troubleshoot and electrically/mechanically repair abb s4p and s4p plus and 5400 robots. proficient in reading electrical mechanical hydraulic and pneumatic diagrams schematics layouts and technical documentation. knowledge of various hydraulic and pneumatic systems. ability to perform minor welding and fabrication. proficient in microsoft word excel and powerpoint. have received many job improvement awards. relevant experience intermediate programming allen bradley plc 5 allen bradley advanced programming allen bradley plc 5 allen bradley advanced maintenance allen bradley plc 5 using rslogix 5 software allen bradley intermediate programming allen bradley slc 500 allen bradley advanced programming allen bradley slc 500 allen bradley maintenance and troubleshooting slc 500 allen bradley data highway plus/ ethernet/ dh485 peer to peer communications allen bradley devicenet maintenance allen bradley designing and configuring a devicenet network using rsnetworx allen bradley panelbuilder 32 allen bradley
__label__DESIGNER interior designer summary talented interior designer summary talented designer and retail merchandiser skilled at using product placement and creating uniquely inspiring displays. collaborates with headquarters and sales managers to create product display solutions that boost sales revenue. highlights store layout design interactive displays common store planning autocad store communication store maintenance graphic displays working remotely accomplishments selected for national brand building campaign responsible for planning implementing and producing makeover videos and marketing content. experience interior designer 08/2013 to current interior design specialist at ikea sunrise store. supported growth and development as leader of local market research project. designed unique and centrally planned displays. created inspiring homes and rooms that showcase products in function and boost sales. worked with vitality to motivate people to visit the store more frequently worked to promote ikea as leaders of life at home remodeled employee resource center to promote a better everyday life at work. national marketing campaign ikea home tour 12/2013 to 12/2014 interior designer host video producer and video editor for ikea home tour marketing campaign. pioneered unique marketing project in various markets in the us. supporting a crew with various skills with little direct supervision. planning and implementing in-home makeover projects. distributing marketing content for social
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction worker professional summary construction worker professional summary skilled worker with strong track record of success in maintenance repair and general labor. multitasks and works effectively in fast-paced high-volume environments. flexible work and shift schedule with expertise operating basic hand and power tools. excellent work performance in individual and team roles combined with superior attendance record. complete efficient and well-organized stock replenishment with appealing displays to drive sales. smoothly locate and palletize desired stock to support timely floor stocking. driven and team-oriented with good sense of business and customer needs. seasonal stock associate with positive and friendly customer retail store experience. quickly processes transfers shipments damages supplies mistakes and overall organization of stock areas. maintains stock and displays on retail floor. participates in establishing and maintaining constructive staff member relations. skills team-oriented and dependable safe equipment operation preventive and reparative maintenance materials handling debris removal warehouse operations knowledge stocking and replenishing product restocking store merchandising merchandise stocking shelving of products inventory planning heavy lifting warehouse safety work history construction worker 01/2020 to current installed new structures updated systems and replaced worn components to bring buildings up to current codes. measured dimensions of finished workpieces for conformance to specifications using precision measuring instruments templates and
__label__DESIGNER freelance designer summary multi-disciplinary freelance designer summary multi-disciplinary designer with a strong marketing and entrepreneurial background. experienced in leading design projects from start to finish on time on budget and with excellent quality. seeking a creative position working with a top interior designer. highlights overall business operations graphic design project management client vendor contractor relations marketing branding trend analysis market research space planning traditional fine art skills computer drafting design proposals presentations product sourcing orders invoicing budget management highlights excellent time management skills enthusiastic team player quick learner adept multi-tasker energetic self starter resourceful conceptual thinker customer-oriented flexible meticulous attention to detail traditional fine art skills proficient in spanish professional and mature conceptual schematic design skills strategic thinker deadline-driven skills advanced adobe cs6 illustrator photoshop familiar with autocad studio designer indesign with goals to learn sketchup and revit in near future. accomplishments founded an artisan wine brand with no previous wine industry experience winner of 2012 rising star award from nawbo - national association of women business owners spearheaded interior design space planning and installation for two successful eco chateau wellness spas conceived brand and visual concept behind eco chateau a french inspired eco-friendly wellness spa produced secured sponsors and organized a premier art
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering analyst skills software engineering analyst skills programming languages c sql python r tableau developer tools hp alm quality center hp qtp ms office trello- project management tool streak crm. accomplishments certifications coursera introduction to interactive programming using python rice university udemy certified sql. experience 02/2017 to 07/2017 software engineering analyst enactus chapter of thapar university founded project soul of the clay as the team lead of enactus to aid the artisans by up skilling them with modern day techniques thereby increasing the income of these artisans by 150 . executed project naritva where i along with my team implemented a socio-economic business model in order to improve women sanitation in rural areas of india with motive to reduce diseases prevalent among rural women. executed project jaivika to bolster farmers by setting up machinery to produce low cost manure from organic waste. student alumni interaction cell - administered alumni relations as a senior member in saic and held the responsibility of event management in cultural events. 12/2016 to 02/2017 software engineering analyst project- global site system services delivered automation tools using hp quick test professional and vb script to achieve 95 percent test coverage and increase the efficiency of process by 25 percent.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development summary healthcare sales professional with over 6 years of experience as a successful director of sales. sales experience includes hospice / home health management durable medical equipment dme and pharmaceuticals. awarded for being the top performer for five consecutive years. recognized for growth development and delivering bottom-line results. specialized in connecting with clients and customers. develop loyalty and referrals by utilizing consultative sales identifying customer needs through active listening education and consistent follow-through. experienced in developing strong and detailed sales and marketing plans to support corporate goals and objectives. update and execute the sales and marketing plan daily weekly and monthly to obtain corporate goals and objectives. strong communication skills as a team member presenter and trainer. skillful and effective in communicating and interacting with associates professionals and key decision makers. experience director of business development 02/2015 to 09/2015 director of sales director of sales for the business line of homecare and hospice implement sales and marketing plans for the plains region. meet and exceed the s overall business plan census goals and financial objectives. this role is responsible for management and leadership of client relations executives in the field and care transition nurses in the
__label__HEALTHCARE senior manager/specialist leader healthcare senior manager/specialist leader healthcare executive profile seasoned health care leader and clinician with deep operations experiences spanning multiple markets and health care delivery systems. demonstrated ability to lead complex projects to successful completion working with multi-disciplinary teams executive leadership teams physicians management and staff/clinicians. excellent communication skills creative strategic thinker and collaborative team builder. i have spent the last 18 years serving leading healthcare organizations across the county including mayo clinic umhs and cedars-sinai as a senior leader with deloitte consulting llp. seeking opportunities to work with innovative cutting edge organizations targeting healthcare transformations. skill highlights identifying/building new service offerings creative problem solver/innovator process transformation with change management healthcare informatics merging technical with operations creating and maintaining a performance bases culture growing and developing high performing team oncology/transplant rn with pharmaceutical research experience core accomplishments successfully managed and drove highly complex technical and organizational transformations at the countries leading healthcare organizations management of 100m++ budgets management of on-going communication with board of directors and c suite facilitated communication and strategies to build and improve physician adoption developed multi year multi state/multi region timelines to deliver on time in scope and on budget projects implemented targeted benefits metrics and best practices
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary seeking an account manager role that offers a vibrant workplace where i can use my 13 years of account management experience. highlights trained in business development accomplished in relationship selling proven sales track record recruiter training sales management team leadership sales coaching accomplishments aerotek top producer in the midwest in 2007 and 2008 devised successful recruiting plans for multiple clients cementing their positions as cornerstone accounts. created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales. experience 07/2016 to current business development manager positioning information security solutions to large commercial and public sector clientele ability to effectively profile target accounts professional networking to build relationships with c-level executives and decision making managers at targeted clients continuing education on evolving networking unified communication virtualization and storage technology. 02/2016 to 07/2016 engineering/it account manager responsible for the day to day activities necessary for billable headcount revenue and margin growth. to ensure client satisfaction and service delivery through new business development account management recruiting and leadership/mentorship of a dedicated team of technical recruiters. train and develop recruiters. recruit as necessary in order to fill strategic positions. 09/2010 to 01/2016 account executive industry healthcare it project technology staffing solutions. responsibilities identify
__label__CONSTRUCTION horizontal construction engineer summary horizontal construction engineer summary experience in leadership as well as propagating tactical information. operator of heavy construction equipment offering extensive experience operating equipment for any mission. retail professional who excels in fast-paced environments experience in customer service merchandising pos systems and cash handling. ambitious student with excellent research time management and problem solving skills. experience horizontal construction engineer 02/2016 to 09/2017 planned and coordinated work modifications of standard engineering techniques procedures and criteria. immediately communicated any equipment issues to the supervisor. maintained equipment in good working order by checking fluid levels and greasing and fueling machines. operated heavy equipment including motor graders heavy loaders carryalls bulldozers backhoes roller scrapers and tractors. organized all new hire security and temporary paperwork. prepared and administered preventative maintenance work orders. administrative operation tasks filing paperwork paperwork runner ect. sales associate/cashier 03/2015 to 08/2015 recommended selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests. completed all cleaning stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales areas. verified that all customers received receipts for purchases. trained and served as a peer coach for new sales associates. priced merchandise and took inventory of supplies. operated a cash register for cash check and credit card transactions
__label__ADVOCATE merchant services advocate summary merchant services advocate summary management experience and a desire to work for the best skilled management professional eager to contribute expertise strong personnel development skills and communication talents toward actively supporting an organization in maximizing performance. highlights client relations specialist team management focused on customer satisfaction training and development deadline-oriented customer relationship management software crm high customer service standards employee relations specialist call center management experience strong problem solving ability customer service management expertise accomplishments exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for 4 months in a row. experience 07/2013 to current merchant services advocate solves challenging member situations creatively and efficiently - while maintaining the livingsocial brand promise of surprising and delighting - utilizing strong listening skills empathy and probing techniques to identify reason s for disconnect and overcome objections. builds and strengthens relationships with merchants by providing an exceptional merchant experience to ensure quality experiences. manages logistics of promotions directly with the merchant via phone and email. quickly responds to and resolve all merchant questions/issues. keeps records of merchant interactions or transactions recording details of inquiries complaints or comments as well as actions taken. problem solving by utilizing internal teams to solve complex issues. communicates effectively across all internal
__label__ENGINEERING mechanical engineering intern summary mechanical engineering intern summary cad cam finite element analysis mechanical design product design and development skills 5 years of experience with cad packages solidworks autodesk inventor autocad catia ptc creo 2.5 years of experience with cae softwares hypermesh abaqus ansys optistruct 2.5 years of experience with analysis linear non-linear static dynamic gd t tolerance analysis design optimization experience with sheet metal design for manufacturing generating bill of materials dfmea sculpting. experience with advanced material selection for rapid prototyping advanced manufacturing welding and 3d printing. experience 09/2013 to 05/2014 finite element analysis of industrial robotic assembly illinois institute of technology chicago jan - may 2016. conceptualized brainstormed and designed a 6-axis scara robot for pick and place operation in automotive industry. performed static analysis with stainless steel 304 to evaluate the maximum load an assembly can lift before yielding. also analyzed gripper and joints to eradicate future failures. optimized design using optistruct by varying mesh sizes and element order. simulated assembly with dynamic analysis to find distorted elements and to verify optimized structure. reliability engineering analysis on automotive oil pump illinois institute of technology chicago sept - dec 2015. used industrial reliability specifications to select the power consumption and flow rate
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary substance consultant professional summary substance abuse counselor specializing in assessments. responsible self-starter who communicates well and is dedicated to improving the well-being of clients. skill highlights superior communication skills therapeutic expertise medicaid familiarity psychiatric population familiarity solution-focused counseling exceptional problem solver quality management care team member community resources specialist accomplishments effectively managed caseloads of more than 30 clients at any given time. developed and managed hospital based medical detox program. developed and managed 2 outpatient 822 oasas licensed programs. restructured existing outpatient admissions department increasing admissions by 86 . professional experience consultant january 2016 to current provide clinical assessment for substance abusing patients entering treatment. efficiently gathered information from families and social services agencies to inform development of treatment plans. utilizing clinical guidelines place patients at an appropriate level of care. manage patients treatment with insurance companies and unions. developing a resource referral center model to identify at risk patients at initial point of medical contact. incorporated hedis measures to monitor patients for 1 year post discharge. clinical case management specialist january 2015 to february 2016 collaborated closely with treatment team to appropriately coordinate client care services. provide case management between manage care organizations unions and referral sources for patient admission
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary accomplished and consultant summary accomplished and highly skilled controller with a proven ability to impact corporate performance through skillful orchestration of fiscal management and team leadership. keen ability to influence processes integral to growth driving operational excellence and achievement of objectives. expertise in financial statement preparation and analysis operational management forecasting and cost control. provide strategic value by leveraging current financial administration trends and regulatory guidelines to shape solutions and approaches. fiscal administration team leadership financial statements project management strategic planning development and training fiscal report generation regulatory compliance cost analysis forecasting highlights navision mas 200 platinum oracle team ms office suite peachtree accounting turbo tax atb general ledger quickbooks pro fasb depreciation for windows .netsuite experience consultant july 2014 to current manage monthly general ledger close and prepare financial statements for subsidiary company. assist in quarterly financial statements with the control reviewed by cfo. brought up to date all quarterly sales tax reports to various states. entrusted to do due diligence on a potential acquisition. worked on various project assigned to. controller august 2001 to may 2014 highly valued financial controller with full accountability to formulate monthly consolidated financial statements and weekly cash forecasts. successfully manage a team of 10 direct
__label__ENGINEERING engineering supervisor summary i engineering supervisor summary i am a mechanical engineer with 8 years of product design experience with an emphasis on non-metallic materials used in oil field-related equipment as well as a year in hvac experience. proficient in cad and fea software i am also experienced with iso document control processes and astm/api/norsok requirements. my leadership skills are exemplified by my dedication strong work ethic and ability to motivate colleagues through example. i am seeking a position with an industry-leading manufacturing and design corporation and i believe my work experience and management skills render me an excellent candidate for this position. highlights plastics manufacturing processes process engineering qa management new product design and development proficient in autocad bluehill testing software solidworks algore fea matlab microsoft office iso 9001/as9100 standards astm material testing and chemical evaluations of materials design and drafting of custom seal solutions experience with proe ansys labview experience june 2010 to current engineering supervisor 33 million global manufacturer and supplier of precision machined plastic and composite components lead designer of high pressure choke and gate valve seals used widely throughout oil field upheld quality standards that earned the accuseal facility iso 9001 and as9100 certification created material specifications and performed
__label__SALES sales agent core qualifications sales agent core qualifications compliance policies and procedures csc people soft query dyncorp experienced in the use of deltek costpoint peoplesoft oracle and sap. proficient in the use of microsoft office software. email programs include outlook and lotus notes. excellent internet research skills. ncma member. experience sales agent september 2016 to current prepare documents such as representation contracts purchasing statements closing agreements leases and deeds. accompany buyers during visits to and inspection of property advising them on the suitability and value of the homes based on current market conditions. evaluate mortgage option helping clients obtain financing at the best rate and terms. provide expertise and advice to clients and prepare their home to be competitively priced and sell quickly. principal subcontracts administrator july 2012 to may 2016 performed comprehensive support for high dollar and visibility government contracts to include involvement in proposal preparation evaluation source selection price analysis and financial reporting. reviewed and performed in-depth analysis of supplier proposal responses to ensure the most responsive responsible subcontractor was selected for award. negotiated subcontract terms and provided interpretation and advice to the program manager concerning the requirements of the subcontract to ensure compliance with the far and policy. as the senior
__label__AVIATION bank teller professional summary bank teller professional summary personable high-energy nursing professional. an ambitious individual who has a demonstrated ability to address patient s needs in a timely manner. proven success in dealing with patients and families from different backgrounds. eager to work in a busy environment to achieve the highest level of patients satisfaction. licenses cpr certified through american heart association skills medical terminology vital signs patient monitoring electronic health record hippa regulations/ privacy patient safety care patient advocacy and support medication administration professional experience 09/2015 to current bank teller professional tellers are responsible for providing a positive customer experience that leads to improved satisfaction and sales. professional tellers process transactions accurately and efficiently in a fast-paced environment while simultaneously introducing products and services that meet the customer s needs and encouraging customers to expand their relationship with bank of america. your duties may include but are not limited to the following create a connection and develop rapport with customers to provide outstanding personalized service listen carefully and connect with customers to understand their top financial priorities and to uncover products and solutions that will benefit them ensure customers/clients are quickly connected to the appropriate teammate with the expertise to meet their needs
__label__CHEF tutor professional summary self-motivated tutor professional summary self-motivated and detail oriented individual with comprehensive training in icd-10-cm/pcs cpt and hcpcs ii coding. focused individual who has demonstrated ability to work well independently while actively coordinating with other team members. seeking medical coding position. education and training july 2016 career step professional medical coding and billing program certificate of graduation with honors inpatient and outpatient coding medical terminology anatomy pathophysiology professional affiliations american academy of professional coders aapc -member cpc-a 7/23/2016 american health information management association ahima -member professional experience 01/2013 to 01/2015 tutor tutored homeschool students in weekly high school prep courses. researched planned and facilitated studies in latin debate literature composition algebra science geography and history. provided parent mentoring and support. 01/2011 to current office manager tracked financial transactions. monitored accounts receivable accounts payable. negotiated with vendors and customers. produced profit and loss statements. 01/2008 to 01/2014 independent sales consultant presented product demonstrations. communicated with hosts and customers and provided product support. recruited and mentored new consultants. won numerous sales and recruiting level recognitions and promotions. skills computer systems organized self starter grammar communicates well
__label__HR hr consultant summary subject hr consultant summary subject matter expert in hr applications and highly effective at incorporating creative solutions to achieve business objectives and improve efficiency. energetic hr business analyst who is self-motivated and results-driven with strong communication analytical problem solving and reasoning skills. highlights analytical skills project management process improvement quality assurance and control system applications implementation microsoft office suite expert working independently strong interpersonal skills results-oriented fluent in english and portuguese detail-oriented troubleshooting problem solving experience hr consultant 10/2016 hris - business analyst process demand analysis scoping and gathering of requirements for small and large scale hr projects prepare business requirement documents after projects have been approved by pmo close the gap communication between businesses and is support and coordinate functional testing processes to make sure stakeholders objectives are met document systems and process flows document and analyze current and future processes/systems deliver and support user training process security internal control on the quarterly basis to assess us hr/payroll system users. send recommendations and remove/add users per business requests from local and global systems investigate coordinate and resolve with subject matter experts and/or is regarding local and global system issues request hr global system back end/portal roles for local hrbps coe
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations officer summary public relations officer summary public relations knowledgeable about planning creating and implementing campaign strategies and media relations placement. together with public relations team we specialize in developing and implementing strategic communication programs of the company. my backgrounds are in journalism. however i also have expertise in the field of public relations. with that knowledge i know what journalists need to especially in terms of what they need to make your brand get included in their media. of course the was able to get a good brand image and ultimately can increase sales highlights public relations strategy marketing communications media relations relationship building expert project management persuasive negotiator organized and efficient accomplishments initiated a public relations campaign for non-profit on a tight budget. initiated groundbreaking public relations campaign for the which is more effective compared with previous efforts. experience public relations officer october 2014 to current increase and strengthen the brand images as a leading herbal pharmacy in indonesia and worldwide also as a that provide a good quality herbal and medicine products to help people living a better life. defined project and vision strategies and tactics. researched negotiated implemented and tracked public relations activities. enhance recognition in the national press
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction worker highlights highly construction worker highlights highly motivated. dependable. ethical and honest. dedicated. hard working. experience may 2014 to may 2014 construction worker i performed demolition work by taking down the rooms cleaning them up and getting them ready to be remodeled. may 2013 to august 2013 assembly line painter paint shop assembly line e-z go. i retrieve the parts from the paint shop and take them off the assembly line. april 2012 to august 2012 bus washer start date. end date. education stetson university 2016 bachelor of science international business us skills assembly paint shop
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern skills c++ engineering intern skills c++ python matlab git bash r sql basic . experienced in linux/unix and using high performance computing clusters. machine learning tools and libraries scikit-learn pandas seaborn matplotlib tensorflow basic . i built a xgboost model that has 77.5 accuracy in the kaggle titanic challenge. computational fluid dynamics and discrete element method codes cfd-dem openfoam cfd-ace+ fluent comsol lammps and liggghts. reservoir and fracture modeling tools cmg for reservoir simulation fracpro for fracture simulation and analysis saphir for pressure transient analysis. experimental and statistical methods sem afm confocal microscopy regression analysis statistical process control design of experiments. experience engineering intern 08/2016 12/2016 project develop a cavings transport model for optimizing hole-cleaning operations. developed a solids transport model for predicting cuttings/cavings bed height during a hole-cleaning operation. in contrast to conventional cfd models that typically take several hours to run this novel numerical model can obtain results within a few minutes enabling timely optimization of the well circulation schedule. investigated the competitive landscape and designed the commercialization plan for the numerical model. leveraged the experiences from internal drilling experts and aligned with all stakeholders throughout the development process. engineering intern 05/2016 08/2016 project optimize diverter pumping schedule for better
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS market analyst promoted to market analyst promoted to assistant director of brand strategy professional summary dear cristina and team the second i found out about this position my i found myself extremely excited. i knew right away this is something i have to be a part of and something i d deeply regret if i didn t try. i m looking to really start my career and be involved with something i can grow into and invest myself in long term. i see that in the customer marketing coordinator position and couldn t be more excited for this opportunity. before zendesk i was at a marketing supporting the entire staff with demographic research for target market campaigns. i enjoyed the marketing aspect and always thought i d find myself back in it somehow. now i consider myself lucky to be a part of this amazing i ve put my best effort into everything given to me and i know zendesk is the only place i want to be. i am responsible for coordinating every interview within the san francisco office greeting all candidates onsite and maintaining an organized status database. as well as my main responsibilities i ve also managed our office expansion and
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional profile highly consultant professional profile highly motivated and self-driven systems analyst with vast experience in various environments and technologies in support of multiple departments across the enterprise. expertise in software development lifecycle sdlc and computer systems validation csv . looking for an opportunity to apply and develop strong analytical skills and problem solving techniques. qualifications documentum dcm and documentum d2 ms access vba c c++ some html assembly language programming. project leadership strong technical skills analytical skills problem-solving skills organizational skills and communication skills systems analyst general application support software development data communications system administration expertise in sdlc on small to large projects proficient in sdlc and computer systems validation requirements and documentation experience consultant january 1999 to november 2015 provides consultant expertise in various roles supporting mcneil consumer healthcare including but not limited to the following applications shop floor application document management application timekeeper application business process applications. knowledgeable in the sdlc process and gxp sox compliant applications. most supported applications have been fda validated applications requiring significant computer system validation experience. project leadership roles in several projects including application upgrades. provides support to a gxp compliant document management application based on documentum d2 as well as older documentum dcm environments.
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant ii professional summary accountant ii professional summary multi-faceted financial professional with solid and progressive experience in all facets of accounting and financial management. skills accounting and financial reporting experience in cash flow management and financial statement analysis experience in account reconciliations accruals gl activity month end close ar ap and billing progressive experience in budget management sec gaap compliances excellent communication skills superb analytical and problem solving skills ability to work independently as well as within team settings physically fit to work extra hours with superb schedule flexibility powerful negotiator ability to multitask and meet aggressive deadlines budgeting and finance extremely organized self-motivated conflict resolution strong verbal communication strong knowledge and familiarity with microsoft excel word powerpoint outlook perfect knowledge of accounting software like lawson mas 90 quickbooks pro peoplesoft axiom bloomberg terminal nvision and imaging ability to learn new software programs work history 11/2014 to 10/2016 accountant ii performed month-end general ledger close and prepared manual journal entries. prepared balance sheet accounts reconciliation and roll forward schedules. researched and resolved reconciling items in a timely manner and informed management of any issues. prepared weekly reconciliation with supporting schedules of the fixed asset registers to the relevant accounting records and resolved unclear items.
__label__HEALTHCARE admin operating room administrative admin operating room administrative coordinator career overview self-motivated individual with over 10 years experience in prioritizing and completing tasks in a timely manner yet flexible to multitask when necessary. customer focused with diverse industry experience including insurance non-profit and retail. skill highlights microsoft office suite word powerpoint and excel peoplesoft adp payroll. core accomplishments multitasking demonstrated proficiency in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. professional experience 11/2007 to current admin operating room administrative coordinator schedule and maintain the main operating room and surgical day care schedules for physician. comfortable in interacting with all levels of the organization and public. able to make decisions independently and quickly with minimal escalations. successful adjusting to stressful conditions. consistently maintains a courteous helpful and professional manner with all interactions with all customers. train new hires ensuring ability to efficiently perform assigned tasks without supervision. multi-task effectively from scheduling surgical cases to the dynamic schedule and ordering specimens. maintain high levels of all departmental policies and procedures joint commission accreditation health care and certification j.c.a.h.o and the health insurance portability. 09/2015 to 05/2016 mental health counselor - intern managed 10-15 clients with diverse ethnics religious and socioeconomic groups of people and assisted
__label__SALES sales associate professional summary sales associate professional summary i am talented individual who will bring my sales talent fashion sense and passion for clothing to your company. i have a proven track record of success in sales .i am looking for suitable position with a that offers there staff superb career opportunities job enrichment and a supportive work environment. core qualifications sales expertise accurate money handling team player mentality reliable and dependable goal-oriented excellent communication skills sales force training persuasive communication expertise experience sales associate 04/2015 to 05/2016 responsible for actively promoting and selling the s products to a wide range of customers in a very competitive market place. contacting potential customers that have shown an interest in the s products and then selling to them. actively seeking new accounts in a wide variety of locations. updating of customer information in paper records and on computer databases. handling the complete sales process. researching new market and sales opportunities. educating clients on the s products and services. converting prospects into active clients. keeping in touch with customers via a range of mediums such as phone calls letters email and sms. executing an organized efficient and structured sales process making outbound sales calls. sale/customer service representative
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY vice president information technology vice president information technology infrastructure operations summary results-driven it executive management professional with 20 years of experience in diverse industries including healthcare and marketing. expertise includes team leadership technical architecture training and development disaster recovery planning and information protection analysis. dynamic resourceful and extremely driven individual with a deep passion for creating and delivering programs and solutions that empower a team and customer to meet and exceed desired expectations skills infrastructure management data center operations project management team building/coaching vendor management and negotiation budget management policy/program development lan/wan san firewalls and routers experience vice president information technology infrastructure operations 06/2008 to current reduced overall network bandwidth costs over 15 through isp consolidation and management. manages cloud based phone system 8x8 in multiple remote locations as well as on-premise phone systems. responsible for infrastructure operations annual budget including purchasing new equipment software licenses and network equipment. led mentored and developed a team of infrastructure engineers architects and administrators across multiple geographic locations. manages multiple datacenters on premise network and server and cloud presence. responsible for vendor relationships contracts negotiating and change management. successfully migrated over 700 users from three different domain on-premise exchange servers to ms exchange online under single domain.
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer and illustrator graphic designer and illustrator summary i was raised in a christian home in jacksonville florida. i moved to birmingham to attend samford in 2012. skill areas creative relational engaging painting/drawing graphic design leader athletic team player work experience september 2015 to current graphic designer and illustrator a custom paper designing primarily wedding correspondence may 2015 to august 2015 sigma counselor june 2012 to july 2013 counselor education briarwood fellows program 2016 post graduate leadership program samford university 2015 bachelor of science fine arts providence high school may 2011 high school diploma interests camp kivu- christian outdoor camp in durango colorado summer of 2013 and 2014 worked as cook in kitchen staff counseling teens and leading mountain bike trips nanny- 2010-2013 bham/campus involvement younglife leader- restoration academy new member coordinator for alpha delta pi 2013 connections leader 2013 2014 step sing show director 2014 2015 random facts i eat organic foods i have a lobstering license avid avett brothers fan skills spanish additional information camp kivu- christian outdoor camp in durango colorado summer of 2013 and 2014 worked as cook in kitchen staff counseling teens and leading mountain bike trips nanny- 2010-2013 bham/campus involvement younglife leader- restoration academy new member coordinator
__label__ADVOCATE faculty clinical instructor clinical faculty clinical instructor clinical coordinator summary doctorate-prepared registered nurse and medical author with extensive clinical experience excellent physical assessment skills proven strength in teaching and a passion for health education. specialized training in pediatric primary care chronic disease management sports medicine nutrition pediatric cardiology and mental wellness. excels at presenting health medical education and program management. professional highlights implemented a sustainable quality improvement program within orland park school district 135 s physical education curriculum impacting over 4800 students grades k-8 revised a rush university graduate nursing course curriculum improving online discussion critical thinking techniques in accordance with national quality matters standards competencies for nursing education designed course curriculum including exam design and evaluation within university graduate level nursing programs currently establishing medical advisory board within orland park township coordinating with university of chicago and local community stakeholders to provide health services and education programs to district students and athletes played a major role as medical liaison in medical sales venues educating mds surgeons apns rns and surgical staff while maintaining business benchmarks and quotas successful author editor in preparing medical manuscripts proposals and policies for publication submission effective presenter with ability to convey complex concepts to a variety of audiences
__label__APPAREL shoe dept. lead supervisor shoe dept. lead supervisor accomplishments kellermeyer bergensons services m aumee oh. crew member aug 2012 oct 2013 service clean or supply restrooms. gather and empty trash. clean building floors by sweeping mopping scrubbing or vacuuming. follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures. mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions according to specifications. notify managers concerning the need for major repairs or additions to building operating systems. clean windows glass partitions or mirrors using soapy water or other cleaners sponges or squeegees. clean laboratory equipment such as glassware or metal instruments using solvents brushes rags or power cleaning equipment. dust furniture walls machines or equipment. clean and polish furniture and fixtures. 2140 n hollywood way #10071 burbank california 91510 8183362640 lov3at1stsit3 yahoo.com. kellermeyer bergensons services m aumee oh. crew member jan 2008 jul 2009 service clean or supply restrooms. gather and empty trash. clean building floors by sweeping mopping scrubbing or vacuuming. follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures. mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions according to specifications.
__label__ADVOCATE quality assurance advocate summary quality assurance advocate summary i have recently completed five years of military service with the united states army. during my tenure in the service i have acquired training and experience in a variety of areas including human resources management staff training operations management customer service and personnel administration. as you will note from my resume i have progressed through several levels of leadership responsibilities and have excelled in consistently exceeding organizational goals for productivity and quality. based on my diverse experience extensive training and strong work ethic i am confident that i would quickly become a valuable member of your organization. it would be my pleasure to meet with you in person to further discuss my qualifications. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to speaking with you by the end of the week. sincerely jeanette bellamy to obtain a position utilizing my skills to achieve organizational goals highlights troubleshooting proficiency microsoft office expert strong activex troubleshooting skills dhcp/dns ethernet and firewall proficient ms office proficiency accomplished with mobile devices proficient in avg printers pc security systems patient and diligent exceptional telephone etiquette experience quality assurance advocate august 2014 to current time 40 hrs/week audit and report
__label__CHEF business manager experience business business manager experience business manager 07/2008 to current devise and execute growth strategies entailing market penetration and expansion product development and diversification . new customer acquisition and targeted marketing campaigns. formulate and administer policies and procedures to increase. profit margins and decrease operations expenses. manage and guide 18 team members achievements analyzed sales reports and streamlined an expansive menu eliminated unpopular/unprofitable items and introduced healthier recipe options generating 146000 in annual revenue launched an expedited shipping option for meal kits delivery service boosting revenue by 22 renegotiated existing contracts and terms with strategic vendors slashing food costs by 11 integrated a new payroll system trimming administrative outsourcing costs by 24 deployed an inventory management software avoiding overstocking and minimizing food waste and spoilage by 81 mandated all employees to undergo a rigorous sanitation and food safety training programs maintained for 10 straight years a sanitary safety inspection score of 100 by the fort worth consumer health division improved food quality and freshness sidestepping food wholesaler and sourcing directly from farmers and producers procuring 100 organic produce non gmo ingredients and antibiotics and hormone free meats and poultry. manager 05/2002 to 06/2008 managed steak and ale s #1 texas location in
__label__ENGINEERING engineering lab technician career engineering lab technician career focus my main objective in seeking employment with triumph actuation systems inc. is to work in a professional atmosphere where i can utilize my skills and continue to gain experience in the aerospace industry to advance in my career. professional experience engineering lab technician oct 2016 to current responsible for testing various seat structures to meet specific certification requirements. maintain and calibrate test instruments to ensure testing capabilities are maintained. ensure data is captured and recorded correctly for certification test reports. duties also dynamic test set-up and static suite testing. engineering lab technician sr. specialist apr 2012 to oct 2016 utilized skills learned from labview course 1 training to construct and maintain labview vi programs. responsible for fabricating and maintaining hydraulic/electrical test equipment to complete development and qualification programs. apply engineering principles to operate electrical mechanical and hydraulic systems to test pumps motors and actuators for aircraft. work closely with design engineers and lab management to investigate performance/design issues. completed lean six sigma/5s training seminar. assembly/ test technician mar 2007 to mar 2012 lead technician overseeing three member crew responsible for maintaining high quality standards in a high volume production environment. responsible for cargo door system
__label__AVIATION lead operations engineer - lead operations engineer - global hawk project profile seasoned aerospace professional with extensive experience in fixed and rotary wing flight testing test management systems integration and uav operations. background includes greater than 20 years of experience in flight test planning execution and reporting and more than 6 years of high-altitude long-endurance unmanned aerial systems uas operations experience and 10 years total uas operations experience. skills flight test management uas operations flight test engineering systems integration and test aircraft modification management team leadership accomplishments nasa exceptional service medal 2011 developed initial operational concept for the global hawk uas for nasa operations and generated testing roadmap to achieve successful initial operational capability of the nasa global hawk uas developed syllabus and training materials for nasa global hawk mission directors and uas ground observers. led the nasa effort in concert with northrop grumman corporation and l-3 communications engineers to resolve unexpected developmental problems that surfaced during testing and qualification of the global hawk command and control system and field a fully functional system. generated requirements for workmanship functional test and environmental test for science payloads planned for installation on the global hawk. nasa dryden directors safety award 2000 appointed to nasa tiger team
__label__BANKING mortgage banking document mortgage mortgage banking document mortgage banking doc ops specialist summary ability to organize and multi-task in a fast paced environment possess ability to prioritize workload and operate effectively and efficiently with minimal supervision. ability to think analytically and creatively in response to problem knowledge of commercial loan pricing credit policies procedures practices and documentation. ability and willingness to train and present to small and large audiences of varying sophistication complex concepts in a manner that are easily understood. highlights sap lotus notes team leader and administrative support in communications and training research reporting negotiation skills organization and interpersonal skills team work and dedication. proficient and strong pc skills in scheduling software windows xp microsoft word excel access and powerpoint excellent interpersonal oral/written communication and partnering skills. experience mortgage banking document mortgage banking doc ops specialist march 2009 to current - update procedures as needed and support all team lead functions and reporting. monitor documents daily for mortgage banking customers. preparation of paid mortgage files for updating identified pay off tracking system research websites and internal systems along with performing daily functions displaying professionalism time management skills and organizational skills. create and maintain productivity reports for tracking databases. test new reporting and
__label__ADVOCATE express scripts summary responsible express scripts summary responsible and mature retail sales consultant who thrives in fast-paced environments. enjoys working as part of a team to achieve sales goals. accomplishments fulfilled all supervisory duties when store manager was on vacation. named employee of the month . received numerous exceeds expectations ratings on performance reviews. met monthly sales goals for numerous months. supervised team of three staff members. experience express scripts september 2015 to current exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. fielded an average of number customer service calls per day. managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently. prime communication at t authorized retailer january 2015 to september 2015 created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in a 20 increase in monthly sales. initiated daily store counts orders and acquired proper products maintained knowledge of current promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. radio shack november 2013 to january 2015 operated a cash register to process cash check and credit card transactions. computed sales prices total purchases and processed payments. described merchandise and explain operation of merchandise
__label__FINANCE finance manager accomplishments transfer finance manager accomplishments transfer pricing and tax seminars domestic and international conducted by e y and kpmg ifrs conducted by institute of chartered accountants of pakistan icap balanced score card- a tool for strategy execution conducted by icap sukuk- the most rapidly growing and widely accepted islamic structure conducted by icap making strategy happen- an intensive immersion into the world of strategy execution conducted by mih training academy a division of naseba and certified by institute of leadership management. professional summary corporate finance executive and cpa offering 16 years of experience with the wealth of strategic and operational knowledge. wide-ranging cross financing experience in auditing assurance financial and advisory services with big 4 professional firms deloitte touch lead ipo and m a transactions. strong expertise in public reporting through capital market authority capital market transactions strategic negotiations and international business. proven ability in managing and motivating teams of loyal and productive employees. excellent leader with a track record of problem solving and consistently drives bottom-line performance efficiency process and profit improvements and enhanced internal controls. attained well-recognized results as a key advisor to the ceo member of the senior executive team of a public listed company. affiliations bachelor of science
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary emerging accountant professional summary emerging accounting professional ready to develop career foundation with expanding operation. dedicated to keeping records accurate and controls tight to meet all business needs. systematic and well-organized with strong attention to detail mathematical acumen and gaap knowledge. skills microsoft office account reconciliation processes financial statements interpersonal active-listening and critical thinking skills proficient in polish language data entry superior analytical skills general ledger proficiency administrative support customer service work history accountant 04/2020 to current prepares necessary adjusting journal entries and period end financial statements. executes core financial processes including vendor setup and payment operational expenses administration of bank accounts and account reconciliations. processes journal entries and performs accounting corrections to ensure accurate records. strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting payroll administration and general bookkeeping. prepares governmental reports in compliance with strict standards. branch service specialist 11/2017 to 04/2020 provided excellent customer care by responding to requests assisting with product selection and handling ordering functions. managed deposits withdrawals transfers and check cashing verified customer identification signature and balance information processes loan payments and opened/closed accounts. ensured compliance with banking policies and audit procedures maintained and balanced cash drawers on a daily basis. overlooked atm
__label__AVIATION line service technician summary line service technician summary i currently have 42 flying hours. i am a sophomore student at southwestern illinois college in the aviation pilot program and i am very interested in the aviation world. i have wanted to be a pilot and be around airports and planes since i was eight years old. i am working on my private pilot certificate at ideal aviation. i also work at ideal aviation as a line service technician. skills great people skills microsoft office fueling aircrafts airport ramp knowledge private pilot knowledge worked at two airports aircraft knowledge invoice knowledge experience 03/2017 to current line service technician fuel aircraft from cessna to gulfstream as well as helicopters. marshaling in aircraft. pilot and passenger communication. towing and pushing aircraft. aircraft cleaning. aircraft management. 07/2016 to 03/2017 ramp agent fueling of f-18 t-38 boeing 737 e-2. marshaling of inbound and outbound aircraft. baggage for allegiant airlines. pushback operator for allegiant airlines. use of unicom and deicing military and commercial aircraft. lavatory service use and ground power unit. pilot communications. 12/2015 to 05/2016 team member i was in charge of running the computer system which entailed cash register and returns. i was responsible for helping customers with
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY administrator of information technology administrator of information technology summary advanced desktop support lead/manager with 14 plus years of experience in the information technology field providing tier ii - iii technical support. i have demonstrated highly advanced troubleshooting techniques in resolving end-user issues with swift efficiency and going above and beyond sla. 15 plus years of experience working with united senate end-users across multiple technological platforms. experience administrator of information technology january 17th 2007- present . research implement and support new technologies in support of developing public policy implement and support of 175-person infrastructure upgrades train technical and general staff in support processes and troubleshooting techniques establishes system specifications by conferring with users analyzing workflow access information and security requirements designing system infrastructure. establishes system by planning and executing the selection installation configuration and testing of pc and server hardware software lan and wan networks and operating and system management systems defining system and operational policies and procedures. maintains system performance by performing system monitoring and analysis and performance tuning troubleshooting system hardware software networks and operating and system management systems designing and running system load/stress testing escalating application problems to vendor. secures system by developing system access monitoring control and evaluation establishing and testing
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology technician i information technology technician i summary versatile systems administrator possessing superior troubleshooting skills for networking issues end user problems and network security. experienced in server management systems analysis and offering in-depth understanding of it infrastructure areas. detail-oriented independent and focused on taking a systematic approach to solving complex problems. demonstrated exceptional technical knowledge and skills while working with various teams to achieve shared goals and objectives. highlights active directory group policy objects powershell and vbscript microsoft exchange vmware experience new technology and product research office 365 and azure storage management enterprise backup management disaster recovery experience information technology technician i aug 2007 to current migrating and managing user accounts in microsoft office 365 and exchange online. creating and managing virtual machines for systems such as domain controllers and active directory federation services adfs in microsoft windows azure iaas . creating and managing storage in microsoft windows azure iaas . installing and configuring storsimple iscsi cloud array staas/baas . installing configuring and testing twinstrata iscsi cloud array staas/baas . collaborating on project plan for office 365 migration. developing detailed specifications for the office 365 migration including business-case documentation cost benefit analyses technical diagrams and work flow documentation. received training in mvc 4
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT senior associate business development senior associate business development professional summary background includes military service in the united states marine corp and the united states army. a strong formidable leader that is able to manage individuals as well as large groups. keys skills include developing strong public relationships and helping others develop winning attitudes on personal levels. strong problem solving skills and able to adapt to rapidly changing situations under stressful situations displays strong work ethics and morals. creating a great win/win situation with the client and investor or funding source. following up with clients to ensure satisfaction and answer any questions they may have. prospecting through referrals and other creative approaches. setting and achieving targeted contract goals as needed. have superior knowledge in negotiations to effectively help clients and investors make sound decisions. contact high profile investors to spark interest in client offerings using investor database negotiating fees and price offerings between investors and clients. car sales november 2013 understands automobiles by studying characteristics capabilities and features comparing and contrasting competitive models inspecting automobiles. develops buyers by maintaining rapport with previous customers suggesting trade-ins meeting prospects at community activities greeting drop-ins responding to inquiries recommending sales campaigns and promotions. qualifies buyers by understanding buyer
__label__ENGINEERING engineering project manager experience engineering project manager experience engineering project manager 05/2015 to 07/2017 managed various engineering projects from start to finish while cultivating the client relationship and overall sales processes both internally and externally. tracked and reported key performance indicators while keeping present with market trends. created data automation processes for managing projects. processed proposals for new and existing customers with intentional sales tactics. increased department sales revenue by 65 achieved financial objectives by preparing annual department budgets and scheduling expenditures via microsoft ax/ax7. sr. project manager 07/2017 to 03/2017 managed high volume projects from training to installation of door hardware locks and automation locking systems for various hotel chains 60 projects on average with use of agile methology discipline and use of microsoft ax 365. handled rotating schedules while delivering projects on time and on budget for the department. developed processes that help streamline project milestones created action plans based on client needs. communicated real time project status and changes to clients/upper leadership as needed in accordance with project guidelines and clarity reporting open workbench software. leader of special projects from marriott hyatt and hilton that require more detailed focus investigated analyzes and recommended solutions for client implementation issues. sr. traffic coordinator
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary pro-active finance manager summary pro-active results-oriented deadline driven with broad experience in all aspects of accounting and financial management. solid planning and organizational skills in coordinating all aspects of each project from inception through completion. sees the big picture and plans appropriate strategies to achieve results. well disciplined with proven ability to manage multiple assignments efficiently under extreme pressure while meeting tight deadline schedules. strong team builder and facilitator creates an atmosphere that encourages individual growth among accounting professionals while maximizing their potential and production. ascertains needs and goals streamlines existing operations envisions new concepts and looks for areas of improvement while following through with development and direction. clearly and effectively communicates direction commits people to action with timelines and transforms complex information into easily understood formats. highlights sap dynamics ax as400 sbt ifrs jd edwards mas90 great plains and quickbooks. access sas and sql. ms office including excel 2010 2007 and 2003. ultipro adp report smith e-time heavy timesaver ezlabor and easypay. comprehensive experience in organizational re-engineering inventory control/purchasing reporting/process improvement financial management/analysis quarterly/year-end audit budget forecasting preparation/administration general accounting/hr/payroll staff management business analysis gaap/jsox/iso/sox experience finance manager 12/2011 to 05/2014 provide financial reports for three plants in the region.
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development specialist/branch manager business development specialist/branch manager summary well-qualified and results-oriented manager with 10 years of experience in positions of increasing responsibility and duties. top-performer with a track record of consistently meeting or exceeding organizational and customer expectations. skilled at inspiring and motivating staff to better themselves and others around them. proven team leader with experience in performance management hris training and development and candidate recruitment. highlights team leadership work force management operations management employee engagement procedure development training and development experience business development specialist/branch manager apr 2015 to dec 2015 ensured the branches located in the assigned market area were properly staffed to meet the needs of the customers. developed necessary procedures and processes to ensure staff operations were efficient and compliant with regulations and internal policies. trained staff regarding new and updated policies procedures and systems. served as a mortgagebot administrator and trainer for loan staff. submitted loan and mortgage applications reviewed credit and income to determine recommendation to assigned underwriter. reviewed submitted loan and mortgage applications income documentation and creditworthiness in order to underwrite applications as appropriate. cross sold products and services to customers as appropriate. ensured all staff members were adequately trained both with respect to product knowledge operational
__label__CHEF chef instructor professional summary chef instructor professional summary pastry chef/baker/cake decorator with 5 year history creating beautiful specialty cakes for events. wide range of skills includes custom breads cookies pies and tarts. highly organized and supportive team player. abundant knowledge in seasonality of ingredients as well as a passion for local sustainable and organic ingredients. plans and executes menu development budget analysis equipment food preparation and execution and ordering. hardworking on time self-motivated individual with a proven record of responsibility and ability to problem solve. equally effective working independently as well as in a team effort. works well with a wide range of people at all levels comfortable leading collaborating or training. organized and detail-oriented with ability to view situations and challenges in a positive way and propose solutions to streamline operations. passionate about creating unique delicious pastries using extensive knowledge of baking sciences and flavor combinations. experience 04/2016 to current chef instructor teaching classes to small and large groups. honing current culinary skills and sharing knowledge methods and technique with students. creating lesson plans and menus 02/2016 to current sales representative traveling the new jersey pennsylvania and delaware areas selling cake and pastries for a wholesale bakery. learning the art of sales honing
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS independent public relations consultant independent public relations consultant executive profile accomplished professional with demonstrated ability to deliver strategic internal and external communications. experienced in hospitality industry. highly-skilled in event creation oversight and management as well as all aspects of media relations. skill highlights exceptional leadership/communication skills creative pitching promotional campaigns experienced spokesperson event management international relations project management market research and analysis copywriting and copyediting customer-oriented deadline-driven ms office social media platforms basic html through dreamweaver core accomplishments public relations and event management initiated re-branding and imaging campaign which resulted in 10 -20 increased visitation per year. created and managed private and public events for parties corporate break-outs weddings family days and visiting vip s. initiated a public relations capital campaign for a non-profit on a tight budget raising over 20 million in pledges and support. garnered first national and international coverage for 40+ year old institution and maintained visibility with more than 40 features and spotlight listings each year. spearheaded new social media programs which increased program sales 25 within the first year. collaborated with local organizations to increase exposure for palm beach county to key travel and tour groups represented clients on culture key initiative to drive tourism post-9/11 resulting in 10
__label__ADVOCATE community relations advocate supervisor community relations advocate supervisor summary to be afforded the opportunity to apply my advanced administrative problem solving organizational and sales abilities towards achieving continuous improved business performance for a growing/stable organization. professional accomplishments/ skills attributes developed and implemented the st. philips college truck driving program. successfully implemented introductory class for prospective adoptive parents which increased applicants by 80 . balanced dave thomas foundation/ujima budget and adhered to reporting criteria increasing options for future grant applications. lead fundraising for local schools churches and other local non-profit organizations. possess strong interpersonal relations written and verbal communication skills. interacts easily with people of diverse backgrounds cultures and socio-economic backgrounds. exceptional organizational and time management skills. ability to work well within a team manages multiple tasks identify and resolve issues. proficient microsoft office word excel powerpoint outlook and the internet. experience 10/2012 - current community relations advocate supervisor cultivated relationships with community contacts location sponsors property managers property owners and non-profit organizations initiated beneficial partnerships with local municipalities and non-profit organization to support growth organizations of houston solid waste management department and of santa fe coordinated with marketing team for various events in researching and generating referrals 08/2000 - 10/2012 program director implementation of
__label__ADVOCATE senior member advocate summary senior member advocate summary to obtain a position with a corporation that can benefit from my highly adapted organizational problem solving and communication skills with over fifteen years experience.seasoned customer service specialist with background in providing advice on diverse customer situations. accomplishments #1 in member satisfaction survey s in sears corporate holdings inc out of 420. senior member advocate over 25+ years in the service industry with half of that in management. exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for nine months in a row. experience senior member advocate aug 2013 to current take service complaints - store complaints and service requests - help members in difficult situations. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.. built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. owner may 2007 to current cooking in your own private kitchen. party planning - updated menu available per request. performed kitchen maintenance for a private facility. developed and maintained exceptional customer service standards.optimized profits by controlling food beverage and labor costs on a daily basis. project coordinator jan 2013 to aug 2013 collaborated with other account managers to prepare and deliver
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary human resource consultant summary human resource professional highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. directs projects that improve efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements. human resource professional highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. directs projects that improve efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements. highlights budgeting and forecasting employee relations compensation administration affirmative action compliance osha inspections employment law knowledge process improvement risk management accomplishments developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging. developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging. experience 01/2015 to current consultant reviews federal and laws to confirm and enforce compliance. wrote iso 9000-level hr instructions for employee in and out processing. works with senior-level management to create fair and consistent hr policies and procedures. manages all salary changes stemming from merit increases promotions bonuses and pay adjustments. career development program director community outreach volunteer works closely with members in all aspects of their job search including preparation of resumes interview techniques participating in mock interviews and job search strategies. identifies and connects clients to potential jobs schools military or other training programs for
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary inpatient accountant professional summary inpatient and outpatient records coding specialist with icd-9 icd-10 and asc coding expertise. familiar with commercial and private insurance carriers. seeks a position of increased responsibility and authority. administrative assistant experienced at registering patients scheduling appointments and recording and filing patient medical records. enters orders and information quickly and accurately. administrative assistant experienced at registering patients scheduling appointments and recording and filing patient medical records. enters orders and information quickly and accurately. enthusiastic administrative assistant with excellent people skills and dedicated work ethic. strong attention to detail and extensive knowledge of medical terminology. medical coder with number years experience in hospital inpatient/outpatient surgery coding. certified in icd-9 and icd-10. familiar with commercial and private insurance carriers. desire a position in inpatient records coding. skill highlights knowledge of hmos medicare and medi-cal online claim submission electronic medical record emr software hipaa compliance claim entry payment posting icd-10 cpt/hcpcs coding medical terminology icd-10 cpt/hcpcs coding medical terminology claim entry payment posting hipaa compliance icd-10 cpt/hcpcs coding medical terminology claim entry payment posting hipaa compliance gff professional experience august 2012 to december 2014 accountant assisted the senior accountant in the performance of all financial activities to include financial statements and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development intern summary business development intern summary obtain a position in analytics or data science in which i can enable data-driven decision-making to help leaders solve problems. highlights proficient using statistical analysis software sas r sas data miner sql relational databases and microsoft office programs. experienced in statistical analyses sampling techniques research design c-level presentations and professional writing skills. experience business development intern 05/2013 to current enabled precision micro-targeting and bid optimization with search engine marketing sem at the zip-code level for autotrader s clients. used sas and r to produce an interactive choropleth google map that tracks page views sales and market share of page views per client which identifies potential areas of opportunity for sem marketing. haystak digital marketing an autotrader estimates that the project will increase their revenues by 3.5 million annually. statistical consultant 10/2012 to 12/2012 used the correlation procedure in sas to analyze zillow.com data and housing attributes of 141 homes in the virginia highland community to determine that dekalb county s appraisals were faulty and not statistically sound which led the residents to winning a case against the county in court. statistical consultant 05/2012 to 01/2013 performed statistical analysis on survey research concerning the educational preferences of
__label__ENGINEERING maintenance engineering co-op experience maintenance engineering co-op experience maintenance engineering co-op 01/2019 to 11/2019 functioned as facility computerized maintenance management system cmms technical expert and liaison to global it and maximo support team. managed maximo workflows assisted in identification and resolving maximo 7.6 related issues. innovated new documentation techniques for efficient flow of maint work orders for future reference and accountability. identified few key tools missing in site s maximo. got it enabled from hq it team for 1000+ aam global maximo users. expanded existing facility maximo user count by 50 . provided problem solving support and training to maximo users. created assigned and scheduled preventive maintenance pm and predictive maintenance pd plans. perform process failure mode and effects analysis pfmea by studying downtime trends using maximo and sharepoint. champion for spindle vibration analysis program. train tradesmen to gather vibe data analyse trends recommend repairs. implement 5s methodology in toolroom. performed gp-12 quality inspection in production part approval process ppap . investigate part failures by studying electrical hydraulic and pneumatic equipment prints using autocad. plan and coordinate maint operations with production team to minimize equipment downtime and maximize production. identify new damaged or obsolete parts in store using oracle and coordinate with purchasing dept
__label__SALES sales specialist objective to sales specialist objective to obtain a position in a challenging environment that presents the opportunities for growth and knowledge where i can maximize and apply my work ethic time management skills management techniques quality assurance skills and scientific knowledge. education bachelor of science biology may 2016 university of houston minor in health science experience sales specialist december 2014 to current processed sales payments credits refunds and exchanges in a high volume environment. assisted customers in person/ remotely with it setup including data migration and app installation. introduce corporate and small businesses to it repair device management and financing services. vice president may 2014 to current negotiated relationships with sponsors clients and external organization on marketing initiatives. organized and implemented community events/ fundraisers with over 500 people in attendance. established multiple 1 000 scholarships while retaining sizable account balance for next administration. lab assistant september 2013 to january 2014 maintained highly detailed records of all procedures methods and materials utilized on specimens. demonstrated leadership skills while coordinating a diverse team tasked with independent asssignments. technical skills manipulating sensitive model organisms hazardous materials and fine tuned equipment. qualifications 3 years of experience within sales it and consulting apple crm proprietary crm software
__label__HEALTHCARE emergency room admitting specialist/quality emergency room admitting specialist/quality assurance summary driven highly dedicated to my job and duties quality assurance . i am an active listener excellent problem solver and speak write and read spanish fluently. very professional and articulate. strongly motivated and have excellent customer service skills. fast leaner and excel in building dynamic teams in an effort to achieve a goal for continual improvement. accomplishments master s in social work spring 2016 university of utah bachelor s in social work summer 2007 california university of los angeles experience emergency room admitting specialist/quality assurance sep 2014 to current arrange efficient and orderly admission of patients. insures that patient information is collected and that patients are aware of hospital policies and procedures. interview incoming patient or representative and enter information required for admission into computer database. collect co-pays and deductibles from patients. distribute appropriate information to ancillary departments. cross trained in other areas and perform any other duties as assigned op and ip . healthcare rep oct 2009 to aug 2014 interviewing clients in a hospital setting and/or home visits to assist them in obtaining maximum benefit coverage. completing applications for and federal program reviewing medical records and taking all actions necessary to expedite
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary while graphic designer summary while working as front desk receptionist at meyer sound contributed to marketing team by updating and translating marketing materials updating website and improving sales collateral. promoted to marketing coordinator for latin america. contributed to substantial cost savings for meyer sound by creating ads for publication editing graphics and translating materials thereby eliminating the need to hire third-party agents to complete this work. researched vendors and negotiated service agreements to have marketing materials and swag for meyer sound produced in mexico reducing costs associated with importing these materials from the us. highlights marketing strategy project coordination graphic design branding event planning print production social media tradeshow coordination marketing collateral development press releases copy writing/editing web content management experience january 2014 to current graphic designer restaurant consulting management developing design solutions to communicate each of the restaurant s unique message and promoting the brand with high visual impact. graphic design solutions for a variety of products and activities such as pop websites social media email promotions product packaging corporate communications identity. preparing packaging delivering production-ready art files. creating creative templates for marketing needs proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work especially under challenging deadlines january 2013 to current graphic
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary i accountant professional summary i am an enthusiastic honest dedicated and professional individual who has integrity and an ambition to succeed in any given environment. although i have extensive experience in the medical billing and accounting industries i also have experience in many other areas and i am always up to a challenge whatever the situation. i work well with others as well as on my own. i am seeking a career where i can develop and excel while exceeding both personal and professional goals. skills accounting operations professional financial reporting specialist quickbooks proficient certified billing / coding specialist strong communication skills superior attention to detail account reconciliation specialist self-motivated professional ar/ap account reconciliation customer relations analytical reasoning exceptional organization strong in ms access and excel physician billing cms-1500 billing forms hipaa compliance international classification of diseases icd.9cm medical bill auditing work history accountant 02/2014 to current maintained integrity of general ledger including the chart of accounts. analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting. generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures and reconciliations for multiple accounts each month. analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures. successfully implemented new technologies and process automation to encourage continuous improvement.
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS tax collector officer professional tax collector officer professional summary entrepreneurial marketing officer passionate about building productive relationships with clients partners and team members. new customer acquisition expert who emphasizes a mix of online and offline marketing strategies. core qualifications corporate presentation publicity press release customer service media event planning speeches editing social media marketing media strategy business planning strong management skills market analysis marketing communications leadership customer relationship advertising writing power point project management microsoft word marketing strategies excel business development retailing persuasive communication staffing corporate communications ethics internet pc widows 2000 xp vista windows 8 operating system office word excel powerpoint publisher outlook . mac ios pages numbers keynote photoshop facebook twitter instagram and email. fluent in english and spanish articulate public speaker media relations strategic media placement interactive marketing channel strategy brand development new customer acquisition stakeholder relations experience 01/2013 to 01/2016 tax collector officer collect and distribute local property taxes on behalf of the to fund vital services such as schools roads cities and parks. selected accomplishments certificated collector in photo enforcement system maintained the highest level of quality control and ensure that staff members took the best possible corrective actions base on proven collections methods director of the renace homeless
__label__HR hr professional summary dependable hr professional summary dependable self-motivated and assertive human resources professional with innovative solutions and personal accountability who incorporates quality decision making to facilitate success and who promotes a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successful staff. skills staff recruitment retention employee relations retirement payroll health and welfare hr program/project management orientation on-boarding training development performance management leave of absence and ethics hr policies procedures organizational development core competencies extensive people s skill and outstanding communicating skills to drive effectiveness. concrete skill trained in hr in the capacity of hr assistant for 3 years and more than 12 years hands-on experience in customer and financial services. experience in the administration of benefits and compensation programs and other human resources programs. quickly learn procedures and methods with exceptional organizational skills. evidence of the practice of a high level of confidentiality and trustworthiness. proven experienced team player bringing enthusiasm and energy into group efforts. experience hr professional 04/2013 to 06/2014 respond to and resolve issues or questions raised by employees or leaders regarding benefits payroll hr policies/procedures general transactions or other hr-related activities. utilizes in-bound phone queue e-mail and face to face to receive inquiries as well as provide resolution.
__label__AVIATION operator summary atp ess operator summary atp ess testing. training in the lean six sigma events operate wire cutting and the aqueous cleaning machines knowledge in wire crimping/stripping and many other hand tools use. accomplishments hard working and open minded. 100 support teaming and diversities. work well with peoples. experience 01/1999 to current operator spray/touch up paint for productions and repair units soldering and repair circuit boards wave solder cut and clinch operator in the past years i have had cross-trainings in lcd cdu piu scu and other products testing and i also have worked in ess for wra test department in for about a year. i ve held several positions throughout the years in production such as working at box- load wires cutting machine operation mechanical assembler painter conformal coater. currently i am working as a wave solder cut and clinch operator. 01/1995 to 01/1999 i had owned several small businesses for video rental and sales. we also provided to repair the vcrs. phones and pagers at the time. 01/1990 to 01/1995 repair specialist repair circuit boards and assemblies. education 1987 sonthormok vocational school capital phnom penh 2009 saint petersburg college certifications vcrs pagers repair 1995-1999 chicago illinois skills assembler lcd mechanical ess
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology provisioning technician information technology provisioning technician career overview process driven goal oriented information security leader with 5 years of it and security experience. a self-motivated governance manager that is adept at analyzing and remediating threat vectors on an enterprise level. bolsters corporate strategy enhances daily security operations and delivers improved and optimized business protection while leading a geographically diverse team adept at problem solving and risk analysis. audit and control establishment immediate value offered technical acumen maximize technology investment effectively implement it business strategy drive innovation improve business processes expand service technical strategic planning enablement capabilities and maximize multi-million dollar cost savings qualifications business process improvements partner with teams to create efficient cross-functional processes by eliminating contract negotiations cost savings initiatives ad dns tcp/ip microsoft exchange rapid7 vulnerability assessment platform firewall ids/ips web filter/proxy mail accomplishments influential change agent focused on renewing quality initiatives for complex it it sox governance compliance outstanding mentoring skills adept at coaching junior and senior personnel portfolios while collaborating cross-functionally and interdepartmentally increasing growth and confidence among team members financial policies forecasting project deployment reporting project scope and scheduling provide ongoing management of information security practices specifications and architecture design facilitating continuous organizational improvement security infrastructure it
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS associate vice president for associate vice president for college advancement public relations executive profile i ve worked in higher education administration for 7 years predominately in advancement and public relations at both the university and community college level. in addition i ve taught or authored over 20 unique college courses primarily in the business discipline currently i have the privilege of serving mississippi delta community college as the associate vice president for college advancement and public relations. in this role i serve as the chief advancement chief communications officer reporting to the college president. a member of the college s senior administrative team since 2010 i also serve on the president s cabinet. as the executive director of the mdcc alumni foundation inc. i have overall responsibility for advancement at the college including alumni affairs annual giving major gifts records planned giving donor relations and events. i also have responsibility for public relations including college marketing communications and news. professional experience associate vice president for college advancement public relations 07/2009 to current responsible for college wide public relations marketing and advertising executive director of the mdcc alumni foundation inc. director of development 07/2007 to 07/2009 major gifts fundraiser and responsible for the multi-million dollar
__label__CONSTRUCTION administrative assistant professional summary administrative assistant professional summary highly motivated and enthusiastic individual with multiple years experience in both fast-paced office settings and on-site construction settings. resourceful professional hardworking team player offering expertise in various fields such as customer service sales clerical support office management data entry project management inventory allocation general construction labor painting residential cleaning general landscaping customer relations communications and technical support. self-motivated work ethic with the ability to perform effectively in independent or team environments. responsible punctual and productive professional with high attention to detail and strong organizational skills. ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy as well as anticipate professional needs and proactively identify and resolve problems while boosting operational efficiency. attentive and personable worker eager to learn and take on new challenges while maintaining efficient and accurate operations. skills spreadsheet management program files maintenance advanced ms office suite knowledge customer client relations multi-line telephone systems office team management avimark veterinary software knowledge autocad software knowledge foxitpdf software knowledge sales marketing file conversion sharing expense reporting invoice processing transcription dictation 90 wpm typing speed residential painting preparation heavy equipment operations flooring removal installation data entry telemarketing billing collections cloud database management cash register operations
__label__HEALTHCARE commission specialist skills business commission specialist skills business administrator project manager data entry business manager performance analyst results-focused goal oriented business/financial analyst with extensive experience in the business nonprofit and health care sectors. mba graduate with a focus on project management and administration. superior analytical and quantitative skills with proficiency in data entry access excel crystal reports and various statistical software. research analysis leadership supervision program/policy development data entry process improvement financial cost modeling report writing clinical forecasting trending troubleshooting software tools ms office 365 access excel outlook powerpoint and word sharepoint visio sage act fastrax pos crystal reports lotus notes microsoft expressions ima software stars software quickbooks spss gnu pspp microsoft dynamics. advanced access and excel including building databases creating forms pivot tables t-tests and standard deviations. experience commission specialist jan 2016 to current posts over 300 000 dollars in commissions each month. reviews and processes commission statements from 15 insurance carriers per week. posts all commissions with a 99 percent accuracy. processes adjustments to correct commission errors and/or discrepancies. analyses excel spreadsheets with thousands of lines of revenue for consistency. performs monthly reconciliation of cash to the general ledger which is used to calculate the monthly commission payments. interacts with a variety
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS internal audit assistant professional internal audit assistant professional summary communications professional with exceptional writing and editing skills. extensive experience in print and web content development media relations and special event planning. core qualifications experienced with adobe photoshop and illustrator creative at complex problem solving proficient in microsoft office suite scala teamsite teammate and word press proficient in ap style guidelines experience across social media platforms twitter and facebook superb writer and editor media relations training financial communication deadline-driven strategic planning sharepoint deadline-driven experience internal audit assistant march 2013 to june 2015 - edit and revise all audit executive reports and presentations to ensure the highest quality of writing facilitate and coordinate monthly meetings annual department and manager conferences and other events. prepare and process expense reports and invoices planned travel arrangements for 20 executives and staff created and maintain spreadsheets using advanced excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists public relations coordinator january 2012 to february 2013 - planned and publicized events including designing promotional materials for the organization s quarterly and annual summits and events assisted in designing marketing materials to attract sponsors for the events assisted with coordination of community relations activities wrote articles and press releases for the organization
__label__FITNESS certified fitness trainer professional certified fitness trainer professional summary energetic knowledgeable fitness professional with 10 years of experience creating and implementing fitness programs designed to accommodate a client s needs and requirements. results oriented fitness professional with a passion for designing programs that improve fitness increase stamina develop a sense of well being as well as healthy lifestyle. ability to motivate and inspire clients regardless of fitness level or experience while encouraging them to make habits that are life changing. core qualifications extensive experience developing high energy and passion for building wellness programming including group relationships with members. exercise personal training weight loss issa personal trainer certification. classes and youth fitness. specialist in fitness nutrition. hands-on experience providing exercise cpr and aed certified. prescription for post cardiac rehab and ymca healthy back instructor. physical therapy patients. strong leadership skills in fitness operations . accomplishments launched a unique 8m ymca/hospital collaboration from the ground floor. developed north carolinas first xrkade interactive fitness zone leading to national recognition. doubled sales within the first 60 days. led efforts to increase membership from 1 500 to 2 700. 80 closing percentage leading our club 3 consecutive months. collaborated with asu hepels department to seek 1m in federal funding
__label__FITNESS branch logistics manager executive branch logistics manager executive summary reliable resourceful dependable flexible goal-oriented individual. team leader and player who works well with peers and all levels of management. possesses excellent people organizational and communication skills. adapts easily and quickly to changes in the work environment. core qualifications bilingual customer relations communication skills staff development sales pc competent hard-worker team leadership professional experience 04/2016 to 07/2016 branch logistics manager managed team of 7 professionals. ensure timely and accurate delivery of products. compliance control with all applicable regulatory requirements including but not limited to providing documents for the driver qualification file and abiding by hours of service daily log hazardous materials placarding training and shipping papers daily vehicle inspections and reports and maintenance regulations. scheduled delivery drivers on a daily and on-call basis. completed daily route preparation. allocated additional routes as patient and referral requests are received. occasionally performed warehouse employee s responsibilities if there is a temporary shortage of warehouse employees. performed special projects such as researching methods to improve productivity and cut costs in the branch distribution function. troubleshot problems regarding the shortages of delivery employees staff routes and the loading of equipment. monitored and/or maintained close contact with delivery employees throughout day
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary executive chef with 20 years of experience cooking in american mexican asian french and seafood environments. prior work as prep cook line chef and sous chef. energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. bilingual chef with 20 years in cooking hiring and training staff creating schedules and managing labor costs. executive chef possessing an innate skill in creating exceptional menu items. leads productive working environments that attract top-notch talent. skills american/french classic cooking technique beautiful presentation of food mexican/american cuisine expert effective planner extensive catering background food presentation talent employed at campeon featured in village voice critics picks column. employed at lolita/redlulu featured in the new york times critics picks column. two stars work history executive chef 12/2013 to 08/2014 assisted the owner to create a new sports bar/restaurant concept. developed recipes and plate presentations. responsible for the ordering and choosing chinaware small wares silverware and glassware. created menus prep lists for each station and delegated duties to each member of the hoh. coordinated activities concerning food preparation kitchen and storage areas. monitored food production areas for safety and
__label__ENGINEERING engineering technician professional summary engineering technician professional summary engineering technician specializing in quality control sector. analytical thinker skilled collecting data and executing product testing procedures with precision and ease. results-driven and focused engineering technician successful at prioritizing safety promoting cost-effective solutions and exceeding customer expectations. determined maintenance worker with skills performing routine operation checks on work equipment and always exercising safety measures to limit injuries. hardworking employee with over 2 years of carrying out oral and written instructions effectively and efficiently. uses constructive criticism to improve skills and job performance. safety-minded maintenance worker tasked with troubleshooting general plumbing and minor electrical work. enthusiastic professional promoting excellent attendance record and willing to assist team members in completing assigned tasks. organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities while maintaining a strong work ethic and exhibiting a positive attitude. willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. friendly student available for weekend evening andholiday shifts. considered hardworking punctual and driven. to seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills excellent time management and problem-solving skills. dedicated customer service professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. committed to maintaining professional relationships to increase profitability and drive
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary identified finance manager summary identified fraud of 75 000 and during litigations testified as an expert witness in 2004 puerto rico superior court client won the case and recovered 50 000. saved 42 000 on claims of two employees on an audit performed in the government development bank of puerto rico well-earned reputation as a hard-working quick-learning and organized team player. skills budget control administration account reconciliations financial statement reporting and analysis general ledger accounting data compilation journal entries payroll taxes return analysis puerto rico and us auditing ad-hoc reporting experience 07/2015 to 05/2017 finance manager managed and oversees the finance department of a charter airline which generated up to 4.2 million in gross revenues. responsible for accounts payable adp payroll processing multiple bank reconciliations maintain general ledger financial reporting and analysis ad-hoc reporting budget cash management handle monthly and year end accounting process ensure accuracy and integrity of accounts. coordinated and analyzed fiscal budgeting systems to initiate effective controls and policies. assured and federal compliance of revenue expenditure and position control documents while maintaining internal control safeguards. achieved accurate budgetary reviews and forecasts to develop projections for executive management oversight. reviews and approves all reimbursements manages petty cash fund and
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist/system analysis information technology specialist/system analysis summary i have over 10 years of professional service in information technology support and technical operations in working with the federal government and private sectors. i have a broad knowledge and expertise in strategic planning it business systems network operations it security and system analysis. my goal is to secure permanent employment within a outstanding organization that offer opportunities for growth and advancement while implementing a high degree of professionalism enthusiasm initiative on a daily basis. highlights active top security clearance/sci certified cisco network associate certified comptia security+ microsoft sharepoint 2010 train experience february 2015 to may 2016 information technology specialist/system analysis serve as it system analyst assist with business process improvement efforts responsible for the physical setup of computer workstations configuration of microsoft outlook 2013 operation and integration of hardware and software components associated with databases that support the department of the army. monitor network to ensure network availability to all system users and perform necessary maintenance to support network availability. collaborate and work together with joint service provider information technology agency disa and video teleconference team coordinate and implement superior it services to army g-3-5-7staff and customers. develop document and implement it asset management
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager vp business development manager vp executive profile ambitious leader who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. builds and retains high performance teams by hiring developing and motivating skilled professionals. skill highlights multi-unit operations management change implementation/project management relationship and vendor management call center/dialer operations underwriting strategic planning operational risk core accomplishments operations management managed multi-sites and units 150 fte handled multiple functions related to customer care collections loss mitigation risk foreclosure and underwriting staff development launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff. mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12 increase in productivity. project management created policies and procedures for external vendors. initiated audit checklist for vendors resulting in 80 decrease in their average turn times and increasing overall quality by 40 in one year. partnered with law firms judges ny mayors office ny bar gse and housing counseling attorney to institute continued learning education seminar for all court systems in nyc area. professional experience business development manager vp 12/2014 to current spearheaded sales of managemytests.com platform resulting in a 1.2 million dollar increase in revenue over first six months. accountable for sales and overall customer satisfaction. spearheaded cross-functional
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development analyst executive business development analyst executive profile business analyst and project manager with specialization in it systems well versed in data mapping and user acceptance testing as well as solving complex problems in high-pressure environments. excels at cultivating managing and leveraging client relationships. skill highlights business systems analysis project management business process improvement forecasting and planning requirements gathering scope and project definition technology architecture analysis integrated reporting information system iris portfolio management budgeting cost-benefit analysis functional requirements requirement tracing user acceptance testing fixed income modeling wealth management valuation specialist sap business requirements matrixes talented public speaker superb communication skills advanced problem solving abilities critical thinking core accomplishments project management training certification. information system business analyst it infrastructure system analysis and development enterprise model technology and issues training. implemented strategic change management concept business intelligence and the executed of epic diebold oracle infor system projects for large organizations. demonstrated experience in system fault diagnosis developing solutions and managing resolution. professor of criminal justice law and paralegal. exceptional communication skills feeding an ability to understand and interpret the operational needs of businesses at all levels. keen attention to detail in the identification of potential glitches and threats to performance and security for new applications.
__label__BANKING mortgage banking foreclosure specialist mortgage banking foreclosure specialist summary ambitious self-motivated professional with a passion for quality work. seeking a baseline opportunity in underwriting lending auditing quality assurance or analyst roles. possess large spectrum of experience in the financial industry. i am a fast learner who values my employer. personal characteristics detail-oriented thorough computer-savvy loyal persistent adaptable eager to learn. accomplishments sharepoint early resolution fha connection dos lps msp credco rels microsoft word outlook live meeting excel powerpoint sload dat and various other programs 3 years in default servicing 3 years loss prevention/ loss mitigation 7 years mortgage loan processing/mortgage banking 3 years underwriting/lending 3 years risk management/ analysis 3 years compliance/quality assurance 10+ years loan operations/ operations experience experience mortgage banking foreclosure specialist 01/2014 to current foreclosure department maintained beneath a 3 error ratio in all searches performed service member civil relief act scra use of industry mainframes lps msp vendorscape lenstar resware and lotus to efficiently communicate with internal clients. review of cases and all milestones requested by clients to ensure proper procedures and industry guidelines are used. consumer underwriter ii 10/2011 to 12/2013 home preservation exceeded monthly production goals while adhering to a minimum 5 error ratio maintained a high level
__label__CONSTRUCTION general construction intern objective general construction intern objective dedicated student with excellent technical analytical and communication skills in search of an organization that gives me a platform to develop new skills. while also utilizing my present knowledge as a science construction management student. education eastern washington university bachelor of science construction management minor in spanish colegio delibes spain 2015 experience june 2015 to august 2015 general construction intern gathered appropriate information of site before initiating construction prior to building cooperated in demolition of roof in order to provide customer with new stick roofing built additional room and bathroom at a home remodel and also framed multiple doors and windows handled power tools such as handsaw skill saw drills and full head framing nailer february 2015 to july 2015 bartender/server delivered quality service while tending to multiple orders during times of exhaustion performed constant product quality assurance showcased quick problem solving abilities by pleasing customers june 2013 to july 2015 voluntary business manager managed appropriate documentation in order to abide by washington department of early learning law assured that safety protocols met washington law by eliminating all hazards efficiently maintained onsite equipment developed floor plan that illustrates egress in case of emergency generated spreadsheet that
__label__FINANCE finance analyst summary strategic finance analyst summary strategic and analytical finance professional with 4+ years of success in financial reporting analysis and project management. skills analytical skills variance analysis complex problem solving financial modeling self-motivated professional ms office suite interpersonal skills leadership skills accomplishments phi sigma sigma sorority california university october 2006 - june 2010. monitor event activities to ensure compliance with applicable rules and satisfaction of participants and resolution of any problems that arise. coordinate services for events such as accommodation and transportation for participants facilities catering signage displays special needs requirements printing and event security. analyzed revised and worked with budgets. president 2007-2008. community service relay for life american heart walk linus project phi sigma sigma foundation. hold regular meetings. leadership training 2 years. farm activities committee june 2012 - january 2013. monitor event activities to ensure compliance with applicable rules and satisfaction of participants and resolution of any problems that arise. coordinate services for events such as accommodation and transportation for participants facilities catering signage displays special needs requirements printing and event security. analyzed revised and worked with budgets. hold regular meetings. experience finance analyst nov 2013 to current executed and reported variance and gap analysis. monitored and analyzed key performance
__label__FITNESS intern summary motivated responsible intern summary motivated responsible personal trainer with extensive training in fitness nutrition and health education. highlights cpr and first aid certified lifeguard training fitness equipment operation body mass index bmi knowledge fitness assessments customer-oriented understanding of body fat tables and bmi excellent sales skills understanding of human anatomy aed certification fitness equipment expertise experience intern 03/2013 to 10/2013 develop or coordinate fitness and wellness programs or services. supervise fitness or wellness workers such as fitness instructors recreation workers nutritionists and health educators. conduct or facilitate training sessions or seminars for wellness and fitness staff. develop fitness or wellness classes such as yoga aerobics weightlifting and aquatics ensuring a diversity of class offerings. maintain wellness- and fitness-related schedules records or reports. manage or oversee fitness or recreation facilities ensuring safe and clean facilities and equipment. operate and instruct others in proper operation of fitness equipment such as weight machines exercise bicycles benches hand weights and fitness assessment devices. organize and oversee health screenings such as flu mammography blood pressure and cholesterol screenings. teach fitness classes to improve strength flexibility cardiovascular conditioning or general fitness of participants. maintain or arrange for maintenance of fitness equipment or facilities. track attendance participation or performance
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile visionary consultant executive profile visionary operations executive with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration. skills multiple facility management and oversight asc administrator mentoring training and development revenue cycle management vendor negotiations budget creation and analysis diverse market and industry knowledge process improvement qapi program support accreditation preparation payer contracting negotiations core accomplishments created employee education module for customer service in the asc environment 30 minute power point presentation for all asc employee to understand the complexities of the customers that are involved in the running of an asc. well received by the staff and recommended to be adopted enterprise wide. board of managers noted a distinct change in employee s demeanor after training module. mentored multiple new and prospective administrators trained prospective administrator s in different aspects of asc operations. referred to various organizations and reference materials. created revenue cycle in asc program to increase collections identified the key roles required in a successful revenue cycle strategy trained all staff members in proper practices in the business office created metrics and goals for staff members to achieve successfully collected 100 of goal sixteen consecutive quarters. professional experience consultant 01/1998 to current owner of healthcare practice
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare administrator professional summary healthcare administrator professional summary talented and professional healthcare administrator offering exceptional and outcomes-based services combined with knowledge and experience of a variety of clinical best practices. a leader with strong organizational and communication skills with the ability to concurrently direct multiple healthcare administrative affairs. a valuable asset with a proven record of facilitating support services and managing fast-paced business operations. skill highlights healthcare informatics leadership communication and relationship management process improvement business operations time management decision making and problem solving skills active learning calendaring computer proficiency coordination creative problem solving critical thinking customer needs assessment customer service data collection data entry documentation email executive management support filing grammar internet research letters and memos microsoft excel microsoft access microsoft outlook microsoft powerpoint microsoft word multi-task management organizational skills prioritization proofreading reading comprehension report transcription research scheduling speaking spreadsheets telephone skills time management travel arrangements typing vendor management writing medical terminology office equipment payroll personnel policies and procedures expense reports customer service billing administrative support patient-focused care excellent interpersonal skills professional experience healthcare administrator 08/2006 to current provide thorough supervision for day-to-day operations of department in accordance with set policies and guidelines. observe strict confidentiality and safeguard all patient-related information. coordinate with
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary 7 years consultant summary 7 years of professional it experience with masters degree in computer applications worked mainly with java jee programming languages. passionate about clean code programming skills and emergent design techniques. hands on experience with test-driven development tdd and behavior-driven development bdd with test automation scripts to deliver high quality product. good java performance improvement and reliability experience. good knowledge to achieve high-availability and continuous integration. good understanding of relational and nosql databases. experienced with development processes using agile scrum. well versed with deutsch culture and traditions worked with deutsch clients and colleagues for more than five years and stayed in client location berlin germany around for two years. passed german a1 language certification exam and currently pursuing a2. highlights java jee web services jsp servlet struts jdbc jms mdb jmx spring ioc spring mvc rest spring security spring remoting spring amqp. hibernate mybatis maven mockito wiremock. jmeter gatling junit rabbitmq ibm mqseries. service oriented architecture soa enterprise service bus osb business process execution language soapui bpel web services xml xsd xslt xpath xquery soap. spring mvc - restful services with json and xml web servers/tools tomcat - eclipse/spring tool suite sts maven jetty plugin oracle weblogic 11g - soa
__label__BANKING managing principal career focus managing principal career focus results-driven investment banker and management consultant with 10 years financial and strategic advisory experience enabling established companies identify develop and implement strategic growth initiatives in emerging markets that i deliver top-line revenue growth ii create significant competitive advantage and iii increase long-term profitability. proactive assistance to clients in the oil and gas power mining retail utilities real estate critical infrastructure diversified industrials and food and beverage industries to meet their business objectives manage local interest expectations and establish best practices on how they can ethically contribute to sustainable development of the communities in which they operate. expertise navigating high-growth emerging markets in africa latin america and the middle east. summary of skills strategic business development project management procurement agent emerging markets domestic and international experience infrastructure and real assets advisory relevant professional experience june 2009 to current managing principal designed bid defense strategy for international consortium on its license pre-qualification and tender submission for 4 456km2 deep-sea offshore oil and gas blocks in equatorial guinea. significantly decreased transaction costs us 25 million by devising a winning bid that proposed a dual-track exit to support an international sovereign and private equity consortium on its acquisition of a
__label__ENGINEERING thermal engineering intern summary thermal engineering intern summary graduating ph.d. candidate with a research focus on developing large-scale computational models using statistics and machine learning approach. interested in a career as a computational scientist or quantitative software developer. accomplishments fem analysis of 1-d aluminum bar with sinusoidal body force conducted meshing and force analysis on matlab. correlated the results with abaqus. fem heat transfer analysis of 2-d plate with hole with thermal load and boundary conditions conducted meshing and force analysis on matlab. correlated the results with abaqus finite element analysis of 2d beam with central hole conducted meshing and force analysis on matlab. correlated the results with abaqus on the anthropomorphic control of redundant robot arms focused on the design and control of robotic devices that will help and collaborate with humans in every-day life. defined anthropomorphism in robot motion and controlling a robot in an anthropomorphic way. design and development of a two-wheeled autonomous parallel parking robot designed a two-wheeled robot that is coded to run autonomously with the ability to parallel park using solidworks. the ir sensor and mcu were used to simulate the eyes and the brain of the driver. tested in a simple built course to simulate a scenario
__label__BANKING senior financial analyst professional senior financial analyst professional summary skills work history senior financial analyst 01/2012 to current manage the entire month end accounting close process related to accruals and reclass for the mortgage banking technology line of business build checks and balances into the accrual process. create and maintain procedures and documentation for the monthly accrual process. get business managers validate the most significant monthly expenses for their respective towers in an effort to better manage expenses. calculate accruals and prepare billing information for allocations manage the mbt monthly forecast process and annual budget by creating detailed tower budgets pertaining to cap send and fixed price and t m that is reviewed and signed off upon by technology directors and in line with overall goals of the technology organization. manage monthly beeline headcount costing process t m and fixed price for consulting expenses to be used in the monthly forecast process as well as in the monthly accrual process. manage the monthly direct expenses upload into chase companywide corporate reporting system cspra built checks and balances around the data upload process to ensure direct expenses line items reconciliation between mortgage banking technology repository and chase companywide reporting system. manage monthly expense reporting and
__label__ACCOUNTANT principal accountant summary capable principal accountant summary capable accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. highlights financial statement analysis lawson financial knowledge peoplesoft knowledge general ledger accounting advanced computer proficiency pc and mac experience principal accountant mar 2014 to current compile reports and supporting schedules for inclusion in opc s monthly financial/statistical operating reports and sec filings as well as rus rural utilities services filings. collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes. senior accountant - revenue purchased power maintain revenue aspects to include billing collections and variance analysis audit balance resolve or reconcile discrepancies between payments receipts accounts and/or source documents posts transactions in accounts journals and ledgers process and prepare financial statements for auxiliary companies under agreements with opc develop and maintain account hierarchies/codes within general ledger system and monitor system functionality process and reconcile monthly debt costs interest income/expense and investment income assists in general accounting and finance work including asset inventory budget depreciation expense and monthly bank reconciliations mitigate process improvements to address overall departmental inefficiencies corporate accounting consultant apr 2005 to jun 2006 participated in the largest restatement in us history of financials in accordance
__label__ARTS summer camp counselor summary summer camp counselor summary i have a veterinarian assistant certificate from middlesex county college i also have a pet first aid certificate i have always been interested in the veterinarian medicine field i used to volunteer at my local animal shelter i am hardworking and i would enjoy coming to work everyday very organized and friendly i have a lot of experience in dealing with people as well from my retail jobs highlights pet first aid certified knowledge in vet nursing and pharmacology friendly caring organized accomplishments i completed the veterinarian assistant certificate program at middlesex county college in edison new jersey. i also completed the pet first aid class at middlesex county college. experience summer camp counselor june 2012 to august 2013 summer camp counselor for kids ages 3 and 4. we do different activities with the kids like arts and crafts and also activities outside. sales associate/cashier november 2012 to october 2015 sales associate helping customers and taking care of shipment usher june 2014 to september 2014 directed people to their seats and scanned tickets sales associate/cashier june 2013 to current cashier and help customers with whatever they need education veterinarian assistant 2015 middlesex county college usa gpa
__label__CONSTRUCTION project construction manager professional project construction manager professional summary motivated construction manager highly effective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. strong knowledge of civil engineering principles and concepts. construction manager with number years leading teams of general contractors and laborers on large scale residential and commercial construction projects. skills excellent customer relations subcontractor management knowledgeable in construction safety fluent in arabic-english work history project construction manager 01/2002 to current reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction. coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules. conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical issues. performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel. reported to the vice president of production on conformance with the contract schedule. conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors subcontractors consultants and manufacturer s representatives. digitally archived weekly progress and technical knowledge base photographs of all assigned projects. prepared and followed through on all required punch lists. assisted the vice president of production in the review approval and archiving of all closeout documents. determined the project schedule which included the sequence of all construction activities. provided safety kits to
__label__AVIATION lead aerospace assembler summary lead aerospace assembler summary accomplished and highly motivated aerospace assembler/technician with a solid history of achievement in completing large structural assemblies micro/miniature component repair and cable repair for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft platforms. proficient in interpreting blueprints working with others and meeting production deadlines. seasoned leader with experience in tactfully communicating with others in order to train them to be competent at their job. skills critical thinking decision making hand/power tools thoroughly inspects work problem solving time management troubleshooting experience lead aerospace assembler 06/2016 to current trained and led a team of six assemblers to quickly and efficiently build landing gear beams ensured all equipment was properly installed and working correctly. planned work and determined appropriate tools and equipment needed for the workday. processed work orders and prioritized jobs. communicated with prior shift to assess work needs for the day. aviation electronics technician 09/2011 to 10/2015 adjust repair or replace malfunctioning components on assemblies or circuit boards by using hand tools or soldering irons. test and troubleshoot instruments components and assemblies using multimeters. connect components to assemblies such as transformers relays switches in-flight refueling systems etc. read and interpret maintenance manuals technical publications and engineering diagrams to determine the feasibility
__label__ADVOCATE fulfillment advocate summary guadalajara fulfillment advocate summary guadalajara jalisco mexico with a 8 year experience on the manufacturing and it companies and knowing materials finance sales and supply chain processes where my concern is being in constantly growing. today i would like to bring my expertise together with my strong analytical capabilities and excellent communication skills to international with customer focus. i have no fear for changes and that is why i would like to learn new processes and being involved in new areas in order to be a multi skill person that faces every situation with the right knowledge. i believe that my substantial skills on materials and finance areas could be seen as valuable assets and would be very helpful in achieving of many business objectives. highlights people management finance manufacturing process order entry backlog management customer relationship microsoft office erp sap baan oracle 4th shift eclipse pricing program accomplishments created critical backlog tracking and improve on-time delivery customer issues and safety statistics. kept inventory by 99 system architecture migration from oracle to baan v baan iv to baan v increased services penetration rate from 20 to 25 inventory reduced project from desktops linux converstion into windows experience 04/2014 to current fulfillment
__label__HEALTHCARE highly accomplished healthcare analyst highly accomplished healthcare analyst professional summary financial expert providing strategies to improve revenue cycle management in healthcare a top-performing systems analyst with a proven track record of expanding revenue and customer satisfaction in healthcare. expert at identifying and analyzing customer needs within a variety of enterprise healthcare organizations. subject matter expert in revenue cycle management specializing in developing and delivering innovative solutions for environments with large data requirements. extensive experience in providing an advisory and consultative approach to financial and technology solutions that drive improved financial performance. broad grasp of value based healthcare reimbursement strategy and the skill to lead a collaborative effort to develop long lasting relationships with executive decision-makers. education and training programming support specialist data center technical support shared medical systems cerner malvern pa computer operator operations shared medical systems cerner master of science computer information systems university of phoenix computer information systems graduate courses in business communications project management operating systems networking database concepts software engineering programming management organization ethics and intellectual property and financial management. certified project management associate international project management association ipma level d number d15-122834 skill highlights skills accounting accounts receivable auditing balance billing business communications business plan client clients client liaison
__label__ARTS medical billing specialist skill medical billing specialist skill highlights microsoft office products such as word excel access and powerpoint can type 60 words per minute experience with face-to-face customer service interaction experience with communications with external clients via email and conference calling can create and maintain detailed records of any given project or task some experience with mailroom machines envelope cutters faxes copiers scanners experience reading medical documents insurance forms eobs procedure notes etc. strong experience with medical coding icd-9 cpt hcpcs ii and medical terminology intermediate experience with icd-10 coding professional experience july 2014 to december 2015 medical billing specialist run daily report of charges ready to post for claims able to understand cpt hcpcs ii icd-9 and icd-10 diagnosis codes re-code cpt codes for specialized billing i.e. charges for medicare patients add appropriate modifiers as needed and/or requested by contacts at facility site submit charges in correct rvu order while following ncci guidelines work with contacts at the site to ensure charges and claims are submitted cleanly via internal/external emails and weekly conference calls inform site contacts of any charges nearing timely filing limits use primesuite software for charge entry work with insurance ar reps to resolve any denials/issues with submitted claims
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT sales and business development sales and business development executive summary sales management professional with over 15 years in business and management roles. demonstrates a passion for building relationships cultivating partnerships and growing businesses. core qualifications business development project management b2b sales continuous improvement expert staff development and training operations management quality auditor customer service management process management operations management professional experience sales and business development february 1753 build client brand image and drivie profits generate b2b revenue streams through drip emails and cold calls successfully target and approach various businesses and groups to educate on client services and create a positive image for client brand while driving incremental sales and profit. target geo-specific communities and businesses. schedule appointments for staff introduce special promotions provide special incentives. leverage unique order management system for proper monitoring and fulfillment successfully utilize follow-up campaigns to foster relationships generate campaign analysis and reporting for roi and client objective goals sales/project manager february 1753 directed strategic initiatives to exceed contracted business objectives executed end to end customer experience management estimating art renderings code and ordinance verification order fulfillment production management subcontracting and coordinating local installers billing and sales projections reporting. surpassed revenue goals growing sales incrementally from 265k in may
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development representative summary business development representative summary experienced customer service professional with extensive skills in growing and exceeding sales in a multi- million dollar business operation in the food and beverage industries financial services and heath care industries. adaptable and results orientated with a focus on bottom line results and has a proven track record of achieving and exceeding the standards of performance set out for any sales project. skilled in utilizing technology as a tool to improve organizational efficiency. highlights customer relationship management project management customer retention satisfaction evaluating customer needs team builder training and development business development sales management analysis experience business development representative march 2010 to current - achieved customer service objectives by contributing customer service information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews. preparing and completing action plans for customer-service standards. resolving problems completing audits identifying customer service trends and determining system improvements. determined customer service requirements by maintaining contact with customers visiting operational environments conducting surveys forming focus groups and analyzing information. increased product awareness levels and grew profit margins through negotiations with store managers and regional managers through the implementation of in-store merchandise displays product assortments pricing structures sales allowances rebates and monthly promotions. managed sales team
__label__TEACHER teacher summary seasoned instructor teacher summary seasoned instructor bringing 27.5 years experience teaching chemistry physics and mathematics. knowledgeable about finding new ways to keep students engaged in the material. creative lesson planner who excels at motivating and inspiring students. highlights in-depth knowledge of texas standards ieps knowledge teks core competencies texas teaching certificate behavior management techniques motivated to help others flexible and adaptable experience teacher august 1994 to june 2014 established clear objectives for all lessons units and projects. adapted teaching methods and materials to meet students varying needs. encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks. attended number staff meetings each month and served on the site base committee. employed a broad range of instructional techniques to retain student interest and maximize learning. taught students to utilize problem solving methodology and techniques during tests. communicated with peers colleagues administrators and parents to meet and exceed teaching goals. created lesson plans in line with curriculum and school curriculum standards. identified areas of weakness with individual students and tailored lessons accordingly. graded student work and kept careful records of grades. maintained accurate and complete student records as required by laws district policies and administrative regulations. developed administered and graded tests in order to evaluate students progress.
__label__AVIATION assembly mechanic summary aircraft assembly mechanic summary aircraft mechanic with 16 years experience. extensive background in rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft. skills visiprise kronos sap and ewi programs blueprints fiberglass composite and sheet metal fuel systems powerplant blade track and balance vibration analysis leadership skills aircraft inspection flight controls hydraulic systems transmissions accomplishments awarded 2 navy marine corps achievement medals. one for the success of the shop i supervised. the second for my quality assurance duties. experience assembly mechanic 09/2014 to 08/2016 sheet metal mechanic boeing 737 fuselage assembly line. crew leader of a 3 man team installing aft fuselage belly skins with minimal quality defects and under the required bar line at a move rate of 2 units a day. flight inspector 10/2010 to 06/2013 functional test qar v-22/uh-1/ah-1z performed audits on numerous functional test procedures to include line clearance inspections final inspections of component installation. trained new inspectors in procedures and aircraft systems. tracked and maintained aircraft serialization logs. assembly mechanic for v-22 final assembly. installed major aircraft components such as engines rotors fuel systems oxygen components drive systems egress systems. composite repairs. worked close tolerance holes. used multiple precision measuring tools. aviation machinist mate 09/2000 to 10/2010 supervised 60 maintainers.
__label__APPAREL colour analyst summary creative colour analyst summary creative detailed passionate and technical results driven senior color analyst who excels in a fast paced fashion manufacturing and retail environment leading product development and revenue growth. design and color fashion forward everyday-wearable apparel swim and active wear that exceed sales goals. innovative and resolute thinker color expert who builds strong relationships with cross-functional product design art design merchandising sourcing and manufacturing teams. area of expertise creative and color analyst for everyday wearable apparel swim performance active wear and multi-fabric dyed to match garments. trend analysis and forecast seasonal color palette creation denim/woven shade band expertise color/dyestuff execution and limitation expertise trim knowledge and development. highlights color iqc plm microsoft office word excel powerpoint and outlook and lotus notes. affluent in adobe illustrator and photoshop. microsoft office outlook powerpoint excel word affluent knowledge of adobe illustrator accomplishments providing sole responsibility to athleta a 565 million brand for all color issues evaluations color recommendations for fabrics and create seasonal color palettes across all aspects of the brand divisions categories prints and different fabrics implemented in-store light source u3500 to primary light source during athleta color evaluation process and procedures. experience 08/2002 to 01/2006 colour analyst office choosing the
__label__ARTS 4/5 grade teacher summary 4/5 grade teacher summary english teacher with excellent communication skills. organized and driven with the innate ability to stay on task. uses effective and efficient methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student. highlights lesson planning expertise ms office proficient schedule creation and maintenance academic performance evaluations accomplishments served as head cheer coach for 10 students in seventh and eighth grade. co-sponsored student council and yearbook. experience 4/5 grade teacher september 2015 to current 4th/5th grade teacher create lesson plans and curriculum. develop and use a variety of assessment data to refine curricula and instructional practice. evaluate academic achievement through detailed analysis of student performance. develop and maintain cohesive and positive classroom atmosphere and culture. manage student behavior to ensure all students are fully engaged in learning. prepare lesson plans and special instructions for substitutes. build and maintain strong relationships with students and parents. provide continual assessment of student progress and maintain student education records and secured data. create monthly classroom newsletter to keep parents informed of class activities. eighth grade english/language arts teacher july 2011 to may 2015 eighth grade english/language arts teacher create lesson plans and curriculum based on azccr standards. develop and use
__label__ENGINEERING engineering coordinator summary i engineering coordinator summary i desire to work for a that provides career advancement opportunities in a friendly environment. i would like to develop skills that make me proficient in my job and an asset to the company. i have a varied skill set and enjoy learning new techniques. experience engineering coordinator jul 1996 to jul 2016 proprietary software license administrator created database for internal and external customer tracking sap labor entry and approval for systems r d and destructive technology groups sap io creation and purchase requisitions travel arranger for various group members purchase card for general and project supplies patent meeting organization and award banquet dinners meeting travel scheduling. facilities temp nov 1995 to jul 1996 facilities administrator oct 1993 to nov 1995 ordered parts and supplies. maintained budget plan. received several achievement awards. bulk teller jan 1990 to oct 1992 vault commercial account teller. bulk teller. education associate of arts administrative assistance 1990 oklahoma jr. college united states gpa 3.95 skills word sap time approval excel travel arranger access database purchase reqs in sap outlook ios in sap pcard purchases royalty agreement tracking
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations specialist professional public relations specialist professional summary public relations and communications specialist adept at media relations special events coordination issues management and community relations. skills deadline-oriented strong creative vision event planning strong communication skills media relations communications management natural leader creative writing diversity trainer strategy development public relations information gathering work history public relations specialist 09/2019 to current generated and implemented media pitches for clients in entertainment medical fitness and tech industry communicated with media weekly to build relationships and optimize press coverage developed campaigns to increase public awareness of and engage customers coordinated press releases and handled press inquiries for the forged strong media relationships to further public relations goals wrote press releases for routine use and crisis management contributing writer and on camera host 08/2011 to current conducted extensive research on entertainment and wrote several long-form pieces networked with various industry leaders and experts to gather multiple perspectives on issues wrote and produced compelling investigative and human interest stories about celebrities and iconic news subjects captured and reported post-show recaps highlighting successes and opportunities for improvement traveled to location to write and report firsthand experience introduced fresh and new angles on previously-reported material to update and inform readers lead camera
__label__APPAREL key holder summary highly key holder summary highly organized efficient in multitasking environments able to prioritize effectively to accomplish objectives with creativity enthusiasm and humor. resourceful and flexible able to adapt to changing priorities and maintain a positive attitude with strong work ethic. highlights microsoft outlook word and excel skilled trainer ms office expert customer-focused strong interpersonal skills effective workflow management accomplished manager goal-oriented positive and upbeat experience key holder 08/2012 to current trained all incoming sales team members. promptly resolved all customer requests questions and complaints. maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. assumed ownership over team productivity and managed work flow to meet or exceed quality service goals. trained staff on operating procedures and services. prepared for opening and closing of the store. collections specialist 02/2010 to 04/2011 effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls. evaluated and initiated alternatives for resolving account balances. responded to customer inquires regarding account status. coordinated collection activities for delinquent accounts. resolved customer situations calmly and courteously. accurately documented researched and resolved customer service issues. met or exceeded service and quality standards every review period. sales associate 07/2008 to 04/2009 greeted customers in a timely fashion
__label__BANKING senior commercial business banking senior commercial business banking relationship manager vp professional summary to maximize my exceptional management retail business banking and analytical talent in a capacity that presents sales development and project management opportunities. professional highlights business management cash flow conversation certified treasury management business banking training account manager business finance ccm training principals of banking laws of banking operations management sales goal achiever sba achiever customer service advocate managing/communications leadership training creative problem solving team building mentoring coaching staff retail commercial banking efficiency maximization process improvement strategic planning marketing development relationship growth business banking teller certification trainer pnc accel college day recruiter presenter accomplishments reduced bank costs by 11 and increased corporate client retention in 1st and 2nd quarter. developed internal prices improvement as well as external service enhancements to improve client satisfaction. exceeded treasury management goals each quarter by 115 - 129 2013 million revenue credit goal achiever managed and supported 16 branches in montgomery county exceeded loan gaol by 50 while managing a portfolio of over 100 clients exceeded branch deposit and profitability goals by 46 completed and facilitated bank proposals and presentations experience 06/2016 to current senior commercial business banking relationship manager vp responsible for generating and managing profitable
__label__BANKING associate consultant professional summary associate consultant professional summary 7+ years of experience in analysis design coding testing database administrator production support of application software in mainframe platform. having working domain experience in the areas of banking financial warehouse legacy system. extensive hands on experience on ibm mainframe application programming using cobol ii cics jcl db2 vsam unix. using brio for generation of usage reports. extensively used debugging tools such as xpeditor ibm debuger. hands on experience on db2 tools such as qmf spufi file-aid db2 admin db2 command editor. expertise in using configuration management tools endevor sclm. good exposure on analysis and designing of documents like software requirement specifications srs and specification design documents hld and lld . expertise in using scheduling tool opc. excellent in problem troubleshooting problem resolution and root cause analysis. excellent knowledge of both batch and online systems running on mainframes. certifications ibmcertified z/os database admin db2 application developer and db2 udb v8 family fundamentals certifications. key skills os mvs os/390 z/os windows unix. databases db2 vasm oracle sql. tools/utilities tso/ispf racf opc qmf file-aid spufi xpeditor endevor abend-aid sdf dclgen super-c ibm sort icetool bms quality center 8.2 clear quest fault analyzer sdsf ftp ibm utilities jcl utilities. db2
__label__CONSTRUCTION superintendant summary energetic construction superintendant summary energetic construction manager consistently involved in all facets of construction. specialty in commercial interior renovation and some residential experience as well as experience with permits. highlights permit processing site safety coordinator safe job site set-up blueprint fluency power and hand tool operation ms office proficient organized and detail-oriented superb management skills computer-skilledms word excel powerpoint and msproject proficient in autocad revit accomplishments graduated from itt tech with an associates degree in drafting and design and a bachelors degree on construction management. duties requires by my prior occupation include assisting the s superintendent by writing e-mails to subcontractors and the construction management team and rfi s to the architect and/or owner for project completion. i also worked with tools installing doors windows patching painting walls and some concrete work. also with my skills as a designer i was able to produce numerous amounts of shop drawings for subcontractors with the owner in order to be able to meet deadlines for the construction management team. as a supervisor i have managed over 3 milion dollars in project for interior renovation while supervising a team of subcontractors in various trades filing documentation running plans as needed in order to achieve a
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering manager summary software engineering manager summary experienced software engineer and hands-on engineering manager with 20+ years of product development experience in broadcast media and 10+ years of experience in leading development teams 20+ engineers hiring 10+ offers 40+ interviews hr personnel procedures performance reviews and project transitions. experience 09/2009 to current software engineering manager visual c++ windows stl oop mfc threads file maps atl ipc ftp tcp http xml json services web services rest api soa media formats and standards codec sdk and integration mpeg-dash api design and documentation. bcd spinoff as imagine in 2013 nexio video servers and applications facilitate collaborative workflow in nexio lan with video servers services and applications running in various nodes. media comes from proprietary san or generic storage off nas. development and team management nexio servers applications playout business unit relocated from il to ca took on larger role and video server applications as well. led team of 6 from burbank team of 8 from naperville and team of 8 indirect report from beijing. introduced peer reviews repurposed components and all 3 teams collaborated as one large team. adopted scrum since 2014 scrummaster team of 3 to 6 from burbank naperville office closed in 2013. team
__label__FITNESS operations manager executive summary operations manager executive summary a highly accomplished versatile and respected professional with over 12 years in terminal operations at the port of los angeles. terminal operations is a time sensitive high pressure and diverse environment which you collaboratively work with customers the union work force and internal management along with federal and local agencies to navigate a myriad of contract rules regulations lease agreements and laws. as an operations manager i have advanced knowledge in working with all facets of terminal operations customer service rail vessel terminal planning and yard functions. initiated cost reductions stream-lined dock work functions and similar to an industrial designer reconfigured and maximized the use of terminal space to accommodate the growth in volume. consistently achieves outstanding results in complex situations while building and maintaining strong loyal relations with clients colleagues and staff. being a leader in this environment challenges you to think beyond the simple choice and reach for the impossible answers while maintaining the integrity of all the moving parts. core qualifications extensive knowledge of all operating aspects of vessel rails yard and terminal operations. dynamic leadership-team building and staff training strategic planning cross departmental communications service quality improvement customers relations budgeting analysis forecasting
__label__CHEF senior banquet chef professional senior banquet chef professional summary dynamic executive chef with a broad spectrum of international experience in all facets of the hotel and restaurant operation and an established track record in food beverage management extensive knowledge in food beverage management and culinary arts. trained and educated in europe with expert knowledge of traditional french italian and american cuisines. a passionate leader with a vision for outstanding customer service and team achievement and driven by the financial and operational success of the organization. skills business operations expertise inventory control and record keeping trained in performance and wage reviews natural leader service-oriented strong work ethic work history senior banquet chef 03/2014 to current the w-atlanta midtown is a flag-ship property with 466 modern luxury guest rooms 4 outlets including a farm to the table restaurant concept 24-hour room service operation and full service luxury spa. leader in charge of the entire banquet and garde manger kitchen operations with over 40.000 sq. feet of banquet and meeting space 3 kitchens and a skyline wedding venue. manage and direct a team of 8 cooks 5 banquet attendants 2 stewarding supervisors and 8 stewards. successfully managed the conversion of the jean georges spice market intotrace restaurant
__label__HEALTHCARE licensed united healthcare insurance licensed united healthcare insurance sales agent summary talent for identifying customers needs and referring appropriate products and services while demonstrating the ability to gain customers trust providing exceptional follow up leading to increased sales and repeated referral of business expertise in resolving escalated customer service issues quickly and effectively solving customers challenges. track record for assisting the customer service and sales dept. in achieving its potential by using my implementing experience increasing sales 13.46 above goal also interacting with all levels of management to improve customer and business satisfaction. secured over 65 + shared success awards received several sales agent of the month awards awarded numerous prize/gifts awards for consistently meeting/exceeding sales goals successfully closed on all referred products and maintained weekly monthly kdm qa scores of 100 . skills time management effective communication trouble shooting problem solving cloud technology skype proficient microsoft office suite instant messaging web chat negotiating up-sell cross-sell ability outlook email lotus notes quicken quickbooks. experience 09/2014 to 10/2015 licensed united healthcare insurance sales agent provided services to clients changing or updating healthcare insurance needs by upselling/cross selling a variety of health insurance products. ma mapd med sup and pdp s to groups and individual consumers
__label__CHEF executive chef executive profile executive chef executive profile seeking an opportunity to showcase my talent education and abilities as a chef where my vast experience and demanding work ethic will be effectively utilized. strong and diverse experience in the hospitality industry including l multi-unit experience. restaurant catering and hotel expierience onsite and offsite catering french italian asian american and spanish cuisines menu/specials development kitchen management event coordinating dining room design and flow pos system knowledge marketing and advertising customer relations costing inventory control and ordering safety and sanitation employee manuals training and scheduling troubleshooting and problem-solving serve safe certified skill highlights skilled and experienced managing food production for high-volume restaurants luxury hotel and large-event catering for 500+ people while coordinating the activities of 10+ kitchen employees. computer-literate in word excel powerpoint photoshop internet skills. professional experience executive chef february 2015 to current small restaurant and wine bar 40-60 seat. lunch and dinner. dinner menu specializes in small plates and i changed the menu every month based on season and availability of products also provide 2-5 specials every night. won culinary completions for sweet and savory categories at 2 local food and wine festival. i have had 2 vc star news articles/reviews and numerous blogs
__label__CONSULTANT consultant executive profile innovative consultant executive profile innovative professional with more than 15 years of experience poised to bring talent and vision to a respected organization that values hard work dedication and results. demonstrated expertise in launching start-up companies organizing them for long-term success and driving continuous growth and prosperity through strategic business plans. specialist in developing forecasting models and scenarios examining strategic performance spotting market opportunities identifying business threats developing creative action plans and corporate strategy. proficient in driving revenue growth increasing sales slashing costs attracting new customers maximizing profits and achieving corporate objectives and operational excellence. uniquely gifted in leading teams inspiring cross-functional collaboration and building productive relationships with colleagues clients and business partners. skill highlights microsoft office suite indesign quickbooks experience with spss and various crm erp and marketing automation systems professional experience consultant january 2012 to may 2016 - delivered business planning recommendations to start-up fitness venture as result of being tasked with devising solid best practices and strategy. developed financial forecast and operations budget. instrumental in creating private label product development including creating business plans identifying best-in-kind manufacturers and zeroing in on potential third party distributors. increased revenue by 20 by segmenting local market and developing business plans for
__label__TEACHER substitute teacher professional summary substitute teacher professional summary enthusiastic and self-motivated professional with experience as a youth worker seeks an opportunity to enhance existing skills in working with vulnerable children and families. i am familiar with the challenges and difficulties that children living in stressful family situations face and am keen to offer support that facilitates lasting change. in my work with students i have direct experience of the impact of abuse and neglect on children s development and functioning. i wish to work in partnership with other professionals to ensure that children grow up to achieve their full potential in safe loving environments whether that is at home with their birth family or in alternative settings. core qualifications analytical thinking - applies logic to solve problems and get the job done. knowledge of child development and the impact of abuse/trauma on children s functioning even temperament controlling emotions and not retaliating to negative behavior. excellent communication - can use language effectively to gather information and facilitate the exchange of ideas. decision making - can make decisions and take responsibility for them. ethics - has personal and professional ethics and fosters a diverse and respectful workplace. interpersonal relations - exhibits respect and understand of
__label__BANKING senior lending officer - senior lending officer - vp executive officer summary as the senior lending officer at a regional community bank in upstate ny my role and responsibilities were for that of the outbound sales growth of the lending function of the bank. over the past five years i have effectively grown each segment of the bank including residential mortgages consumer and commercial lending. each sub segment of the banks business has been given a new department manager to help execute the action steps for growth and planned operating efficiencies as a result of my planned new initiatives as suggested by being a part of the banks executive committee. senior commercial lender with 25 years as a leader in the financial industry. service-oriented with expertise in building a solid customer base. highlights small business development leader. product line expansion on both residential mortgage and consumer loan platforms. credit and debt management experience. created a crm platform with the banks bakerhill commercial software. implemented new software systems with mortgagebot and decisionpro. effectively grew commercial loan balances 5-10 each of the past five years. established a robust outbound calling plan for the banks sales force. designed and implemented an incentive compensation plan icp for the
__label__FITNESS owner/operator summary business development owner/operator summary business development expert and top sales performer with 12+ years experience in texas california and oklahoma markets. comfortable with new ideas innovative products and start-up environments. equipped with excellent negotiation skills market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success. highlights national account management analytical problem solver excellent sales techniques new product delivery adept multi-tasker top-ranked sales executive new program and promotion implementation consultative sales techniques strong lead development skills accomplishments surpassed all sales goals by 25+ in three regions. developed highly effective sales training strategies. established new company-wide policies and procedures which resulted in increased revenue sales. increased year-over-year sales by 10+ in every position held. prepared complex financial statements and interim/annual reports for retail and service businesses. created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales resulting in 66 increase in annual sales. experience 06/2011 to current owner/operator developed new customer base and generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies. managed budget forecasting goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. cold and warm called 100 new and existing accounts per day. planned organized and oversaw daily activities of multiple production crews. 11/2009 to 05/2011 general
__label__CHEF chef summary quality-focused and chef summary quality-focused and efficient cook adept at preparing and plating food in high energy fast-paced kitchens. line cook with 2 years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. highlights servsafe certified focused and disciplined high volume production capability well-tuned palette focus on portion and cost control bilingual english/spanish accomplishments successfully managed a kitchen staff of 7 employees during high volume dinner services for more than 350 diners each night. experience chef 02/2014 to 10/2014 reduced food costs by fifteen percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format. systematically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes and observed color texture and garnishes. expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal and local sanitation and safety requirements. ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory purchasing and receiving. followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary position in consultant summary position in accounting/regulatory or banking operations highlights microsoft office lotus notes quickbooks acbs bcs otg ap recon+ fms g/l system reval evaluation of hedged funding and bloomberg. accomplishments i was awarded certificate of recognition for the year 1998 that helped in lifting of the agreement with federal reserve bank of new york. i was also awarded certificate of appreciation for the year 1999. experience consultant 01/2013 to 09/2016 working as consultant and engaged with transworld inc a insurance brokerage and accounting services company. preparation of tax returns for customers handling their audit matters with internal revenue services and nys tax authorities. preparation of sales tax monthly quarterly and yearly tax returns for clients. preparation of accounts reports and financial statements for their clients. provide all accounting services to their customers. senior accountant/accounting officer 01/2000 to 01/2013 the new york branch of bank hapoalim represents the banking and reviewed bank s general ledger and pass necessary entries to correct the g/l. the main purpose to review the g/l to make ensure bank s books is accurate and reconciled with sub-system. i was responsible to process month end quarterly and yearly closing. post journal entries to general ledger system. prepared
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager core qualifications engineering manager core qualifications executive decision maker process design improvement new product development strategic planning development lean six sigma practitioner product design budgetary and policy development automation design quality control project management execution economic analysis ergonomic and safety conscious professional experience engineering manager 10/2012 to 03/2014 boyden ia october 2012 - march 2014 manufacturer of agricultural grain handling and sprayer products and recreational vehicle trailer and towing equipment. engineering manager managing design engineering resources responsible for new product development and product improvement efforts as well as build operations engineering department for process development and improvement implementation. led implementation of project management principles for effective new product development project execution. led department reorganization creating cohesive environment among design and manufacturing resources. led future factory initiative to better align production resources. project manager 05/2011 to 08/2012 oshkosh wi may 2011 - august 2012 military vehicle manufacturer which includes hemtt matv lvsr mtvr het fmtv and commercial snow product. project manager plan develop and execute programs and projects in accordance with strategic objectives and business requirements. drive for continuous improvement in order to become more profitable through effective resource allocation. managed the planning and execution of building expansion and automated wash system implementation
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare effectiveness and information healthcare effectiveness and information set coordinator hedis summary to obtain a position which utilizes and enhances my education and work experience with the potential for career advancement. recognized for long hours commitment to customers attention to detail and follow up. work well as a team member or independently and under pressure. demonstrates ability to meet the needs of patrons dependable hardworking and punctual. excellent basic clerical and computer skill including knowledge of microsoft office. excellent interpersonal listening and communication both written and spoken skills. sound ability to keep sensitive information confidential. sound organization skills goal- oriented proactive and excellent at reporting. highlights proficient with healthcare effectiveness data and information set hedis proficient with georgia s medical management information system mmis proficient with georgia registry of immunization transactions and services grits excellent communication skills advanced clerical knowledge filing and data archiving medical billing accomplishments provided award winning customer service to consumer cellular as well as aarp members with ordering easy to use cell phones experience healthcare effectiveness and information set coordinator hedis 04/2014 to current handle inbound/outbound member calls and assist them in obtaining service appointment scheduling arranging transportation and initiating reminder calls e-mails and/ or faxes. educate and inform members
__label__FINANCE sr. finance manager summary sr. finance manager summary finance professional with a successful track record of driving the financial planning cycle and transforming strategic goals into operational plans. demonstrated ability to build strong financial models improve processes and drive business results. self-starter and creative problem solver. passionate about building a collaborative environment and empowering people. experience sr. finance manager jan 2015 to sep 2015 - served as global fp a lead to vp of finance in all planning related questions and communication with corp fp a. led the annual global field quota plan setting process 6b including product hierarchy update definition and communication of content requirements. conducted in-depth analysis and provided recommendations to gms coo and cfo for meeting the s strategic goals in terms of growth and profitability. led the customer operations expense planning process of 2b and re-allocated budget in accordance with top line changes. successfully incorporated the sales commissions model by creating a unified data structure and input requirements. achieved synergies and visibility for the team. led the monthly close forecast and management reporting processes and provided guidance and support to local field fp a teams. drove and implemented an accelerated monthly close process by 3 business days that provided early
__label__ADVOCATE domestic violence counselor advocate domestic violence counselor advocate summary i am a responsible self-starter who communicates well and is dedicated to providing great customer service and staff support. i am comfortable working autonomously or in a team-based setting. i am both calm and focused great at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. experience 01/2015 - current domestic violence counselor advocate the nonprofit organization that i work for has had a contract with the department of children and family services of san bernardino county since 2010 to provide domestic violence counseling education advocacy and support for their staff and clients at their eastern office. i work onsite at the county office monday through friday 8am to 5pm and provide the follow duties crisis intervention trauma informed care preventative services and support services to victims of domestic violence their families as well as cfs staff. services include assessing victims for danger safety planning assisting victims to get into emergency shelter providing weekly domestic violence education classes and groups accompany and advocate for clients at the juvenile dependency and or superior court as well as linking victims up with additional resources in their community. how i provide support services to the
__label__CHEF sous chef summary reliable sous chef summary reliable high-performing individual with 5+ yrs providing excellent service in the restaurant and cooking industry. seeking new opportunities within the industry to expand my knowledge provide challenges and include room to grow. over a year of experience baking unique and delicious pastries cakes and pies. capable of adapting to regional tastes and various diets. continuing education includes a range of certifications for handling food catering style slope work and food plating. admirable experience in preparation and presentation of cold foods. exemplary knowledge of food hygiene in concordance with proper food handling regulations. skilled in knife techniques including but not limited to chopping dicing cutting and carving. able to evaluate and comprehend cooking documents including manuals and recipes. excellent team-building and conflict resolution skills. experience sous chef 03/2017 to current works with the executive chef to produce diversified menus in accordance with the restaurant s policy and vision. produces high quality dishes that follow up the established menu and clients requirements. helps plan the food design in order to create a perfect match between the dish s aspect and its taste. helps train the auxiliary kitchen staff in order to provide best results in minimum time and using
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY it manager summary ten it manager summary ten years of management experience with a focus on team building and project management. ten years of experience as a network engineer and systems administrator. the majority of my experience has been working with microsoft dell hp ibm symantec mcafee trend micro and cisco hardware and software business solutions. i have extensive experience with microsoft exchange server. i am comfortable with cisco command line ios voip qos tagging layer 2 3 and 4 switching and packet shaping. i have used fluke optiview wireshark netflow analyzer solarwinds network performance monitor and sms to assist me in the process of identifying network bottlenecks and performance issues. i have experience in business education medical and manufacturing environments. recently i have been working a great deal with hyper-v vmware and data loss prevention software. highlights software symantec backup exec system recovery endpoint protection trend micro mcafee eset acronis shadowprotect gfi crow canyon dameware wireshark netflow analyzer splunk sms fluke optiview solarwinds npm microsoft response point gp crm and sharepoint databases sql mysql hardware servers workstations laptops printers smart phones routers switches firewalls wireless access points lto autoloaders cctv pbx and ip phone systems biometric scanners and readers applications apache iis cisco
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary bookkeeper with accountant summary bookkeeper with strong technical proficiency and commitment to accuracy in financial data entry and financial record keeping. desires an accounting position in a positive working environment that encourages and supports continuing professional growth. highlights related skills over 20 years experience in payroll processing and preparing quarterly federal and employer tax returns for numerous cpa firm clients a/p and a/r processing for clients bank reconciliations maintaining general ledger journal entries making adjusting entries preparation of monthly financial statements balance sheet statement of cash flows income statement and providing year-end information for income tax returns over 20 years experience in office management including processing payroll and associated employment tax deposits completing construction draws for lenders processing a/r and a/p maintaining subcontractor files and 1099 processing bank and account reconciliations maintaining general ledger and preparing monthly financial statements knowledge of most computer programs word excel outlook powerpoint google drive experience with many computer accounting programs quickbooks peachtree timberline as400 experience accountant a/p and a/r bank and account reconciliations maintain general ledger for non-profit organization and several subsidiary companies. monthly invoice preparation for construction progress based on contracts and billable time and expenses and job costing for numerous projects during construction. maintain
__label__DESIGNER freelance graphic designer highlights freelance graphic designer highlights web print design skills software visual elements - image/photo layout typography color management image file prep - retouching resizing formatting packaging press check software - adobe creative suite photoshop in design illustrator acrobat creative cloud tumblr square space word press basic html css microsoft office word excel power point outlook mac os 10.11 experience freelance graphic designer 05/2016 current influential graphic designer for a high-end jewelry in new york where i brought originality curiosity enthusiasm accountability and grit to the table everyday for nearly four years started my own jewelry called wyndesigns out of college. the brand encouraged women to wear their proudly. gia accredited gemologist professional played an instrumental role in the development of the rollins college women s lacrosse program captain senior year website www.lgoodwyn.com rollins college portfolio http //www.blurb.com/ebooks/574209-envision-art design experience created an icon logo for evolve. space a that provides open space environments where professionals and organizations can work build and pursue their visions and missions in a modern collaborative space. working directly with the founder i successfully brought his vision to life providing him with a multi functional icon fit for different web and print scenarios. graphic designer assistant 04/2012 01/2016
__label__ARTS expressive arts program leader expressive arts program leader professional experience 09/2014 to 06/2015 expressive arts program leader formulated proposed and was authorized to implement the arts project a weekly therapeutic expressive arts program for 10+ at-risk cps middle school students residing in a low-income urban neighborhood. the arts project incorporates methods from evidence-informed therapeutic interventions to enhance social/emotional skills self-esteem grit self-control regulation and to reduce stereotype threat. 09/2012 to 06/2014 designed delivered curriculum for weekly coping skills sessions with groups of 20-50 early adolescents their mentors tailored sessions to address unique risk factors faced by our youth e.g. community violence chronic poverty school dropout integrated therapeutic approaches from various evidence-based practices dbt cbt mindfulness-based stress reduction produced administered usability feasibility and satisfaction forms for coping skills training attendees staff mentors mentees evaluated and amended curriculum based on youth mentor and staff feedback. 09/2012 to 08/2014 mentor supervision team leader supervisor developed measures and organized platforms for more than 50 mentors to report contact with mentee conducted thorough interviews with potential mentors youth participants and parents of youth in the mentoring intervention so to arrange meaningful and lasting youth-mentor relationships supervised up to 8 mentor-mentee pairs at a time monitored and documented all contact
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary experienced senior accountant summary experienced senior corporate accountant dedicated to accounting and financial excellence seeking to utilize skills and in-depth expertise in accounting gaap general ledger reconciliation variance analysis financial reporting team management and process improvement to help achieve your s goals. highlights microsoft excel expert - pivot tables v-lookups formulas access database queries data mining proficient in microsoft office ms word outlook powerpoint sharepoint peoplesoft knowledge - queries data mining oracle infolease for lease and financial accounting citconnect research internet accounting finance and tax research - lexis-nexis cch ria tax research stat- fsi track ultra tax image scanner - asset manager -10-key printers scanners general office tools quickbooks account reconciliation expert financial statement analysis working knowledge of gaap guidelines and sarbanes-oxley recordkeeping expert highly analytical detail oriented analytical reasoning complex problem solving solution-oriented strong organizational skills superior research skills effective time management thrives under pressure independent worker flexible and valued team player general ledger accounting public and private accounting general and tax accounting education mba business administration accounting finance 2001 university of north florida usa bba - accounting cpa qualified candidate bba - finance cfp qualified candidate experience senior accountant september 2011 to november 2014 special project clear aged variances
__label__BANKING member services representative summary member services representative summary skilled relationship-builder who is able to establish easy rapport with customers building trust and respect. highly service-oriented individual who is responsive to need and thorough in follow-through. organized effective multitasker with excellent coordination skills and a keen attention to detail. experience member services representative 03/2015 current promoted from cashier to lead cashier to help train staff and facilitated huddles in the morning meijer . among the top 10 advisers in telephone banking in 2011 and 2012 peer coach for new and other existing employees peer to peer winner jp morgan chase . received best of the best award for outstanding customer service in 2012 jp morgan chase . in 2013 and 2014 ranked in the top 5 of columbus fraud analysts with zero bottom box/ subject matter expert for new and existing employees jp morgan chase . led and facilitate team meetings in the absence of a manager jp morgan chase . in 2015 promoted from member service representative trainee to member service representative opers . responds to inbound telephone inquiries from members benefit recipients and others regarding all opers benefits and services. provides benefit information necessary for members to make informed life-path decisions regarding benefit
__label__CONSULTANT consultant profile a highly consultant profile a highly accomplished skilled and talented consulting manager with a thorough understanding of the software development life cycle and a proven track record of successfully providing overall direction to project teams and managing client relationship. professional experience consultant 01/2001 to 11/2014 led a data migration project for a client p c insurance from a legacy client server insurance system with a relational backend to a n-tiered insurance system which involved the entire gamut of activities from defining requirements selecting the application tool suite to use for the data migration performing data mapping and gap analysis designing the technical approach performing the necessary business analysis engaging with the target system vendor technical leads to ensure structural compatibility developing the transformation testing the transformation all the way to the upload into the target system supporting the uat and creating a deployment plan led and managed the design development and implementation of a billing module of a p c system to support a change in the lockbox financial institution served as a technical project manager as well as a vendor relationship manager on a commercial lines expansion project a key business initiative of the client to enable the organization to underwrite
__label__APPAREL office manager highlights microsoft office manager highlights microsoft office social media marketing facebook instagram pinterest critical thinking problem solving skills detailed organized type 53 words per minute written verbal communication leadership team development project management experience 01/2004 to 10/2016 office manager career center. verified edited and approved job postings. assisted employers with technical problems and job posting as needed. managed main desk including monitoring phone calls appointments and walk-ins. 07/2000 to 01/2004 sales manager/account executive responsible and handled all specialty and major department stores accounts. developed division s sales and marketing plans strategies and goals. traveled to high-profile fashion market conventions in dallas atlanta and las vegas. 09/1999 to 04/2000 merchandiser assistant managed account for reebok inc. which included men s athletic apparel and women s olympic 2000 collection. assisted in new initiative for account dunk.net the shaq o neill athletic sport collection. coordinated efficiency of product information sheets for garment samples through reviewing accuracy of construction sketches trims and specifications. performed role as a liaison between merchandiser and production personnel with vendor relations to communicate fabrication timelines and other specific needs for efficient samples productions. 05/1997 to 09/1999 sales coordinator managed progression of garment sampling i.e. counter production and salespeople sampling for misses
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction work career overview construction work career overview highly skilled in working with people. main course of work has been in the construction area but computers were also a big asset to my knowledge as running a business requires the use of a computer and skills as many other things. qualifications strong analytical skills project management strong collaborative skills document management testing excellent problem solving skills customer needs assessment accomplishments leadership served as leader and instructor of new sub-contractors. project management managed complex projects facilitating acquisition of business requirements. prepared specifications developed reporting and analytics website design website design created accent graphics banner ads icons animations and logos using wordpress. client interface collaborated on client engagement strategy to drive entry into risk-driven project methodology improving accuracy of project definition sizing estimates and resource budget planning. improved client relationships and project predictability through shared business and technical perspectives agreed project roles risk assessment use cases transparent business-aligned development efforts and time-boxed delivery. team collaboration initiated development team evolution strategy and deployed best practices such as team building hard work development and repeatable builds. defined project skill sets in line with methodology and drove training. work experience may 2014 to current construction work prepared and presented
__label__CHEF sous chef work experience sous chef work experience sous chef jul 2010 assisted cooks in the preparation of green salads fruit salads and pasta salads. worked the saut and fry stations. plated and distributed completed dishes to waiters. improved the accuracy of filled orders by changing the procedure of sharing tickets. took inventory and placed orders assisted in the food and beverage operations. front desk agent assisted the property coordinator with daily tasks and worked on hotel computer programming systems worked with hr department to control staffing and perform employee performance evaluations. handled property functions on daily basis to ensure best performance and persistent upgrading in customer service employee proficiency performance marketing property ambience and income. handled room reservation adjusted auditing reports received and send telephone messages and facsimiles. front desk manager jan 2013 to jan 2014 process guest registration including calculation and collection of payment conduct night audit as assigned processed all financial transactions including the verification and processing of credit card transactions in accordance with policies and procedures and complete shift reports maintain room status inventory respond to guest inquires and request regarding hotel services reservations local attractions directions etc. efficient in several software systems pbx and opera perform work duties in
__label__SALES sales clerk summary conscientious sales clerk summary conscientious enthusiastic and outgoing retail sales associate with more than 2 years in the retail industry. areas of expertise include sales building positive customer relations with new and existing customers and inventory management. reliable team player and strong communicator. experience sales clerk 10/2013 to current operated a cash register for cash check and credit card transactions with 99 accuracy. stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts. priced merchandise stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies. cleaned and organized the store including the checkout desk and displays. alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions. identified potential shoplifters and alerted management. trained 2 new sales associates. completed point of sale opening and closing procedures including counting the contents of the cash register. opened and closed the store. handled customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with policies. welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items. shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store s efficiency. used time efficiently when not serving customers. resolved customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction. verified that customers received receipts for their purchases. designed
__label__AVIATION supervisor summary i was supervisor summary i was a supervisor for two years in a corrosion control facility for the us government. as a shift supervisor of three employees i was directly responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of twelve aircraft paint schemes. i currently maintain a us government secret security clearance . experience january 2004 to january 2012 supervisor worked on f/a-18c. masked and covered surfaces not to be painted. performed plastic media blasting to remove paint and corrosion. striped sanded masked and repainted surfaces and blended and polished finish to match surrounding areas manually or using portable power tools. cleaned sanded and applied chemical solutions to prepare and condition surfaces prior to painting. mixed and thinned paint or other coating to specified color and consistency according to standard formulas or color charts using mixing equipment. sprayed specified amount or thickness of primer protective decorative or finish coatings such as paint lacquer sealer or enamel onto prepared surfaces using spray equipment. painted surfaces of aircraft applying knowledge of surface preparation and painting techniques using spray painting equipment power tools and work aids. applied or retouched paint using brush. laid out and painted insignias symbols designs or other markings on painted surfaces according to
__label__ENGINEERING support engineering manager summary support engineering manager summary successful and motivated it escalation manager possessing extensive knowledge of leading a team of high performance tier 3 engineers solving complex it issues and providing excellent service for fortune 1000 customers. experience support engineering manager 06/2007 to current managed a number of teams with team size of up to 26 engineers at a time in windows platforms and system center including setup cluster performance scom and virtualization. performed all performance management activities with my direct reports including performance reviews connects promotions coaching career development and terminations. business specialty lead management role for platforms core setup cluster performance responsible for leading all core teams to ensure staffing coverage and to reach and exceed target metrics. led weekly meetings with other core managers to reach target metrics. participated in hipo program for 1 year obtaining extra leadership training helped on-board and mentor new managers in windows hiring manager cross site for all of windows platforms cluster and hired over 70 people cross site in 1 year. helped plan career fair with recruiting participated in college recruiting as well as recruiting trips to attract minorities. participated in mach hiring days. assisted with volunteer efforts such as angel tree digi
__label__SALES sales associate summary serviceoriented sales associate summary serviceoriented employee with 19 year background in customer service. dedicated to making customers happy and aiding in fulfilling their needs as well as excellent communication and time management skills. handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency. willing to go the extra mile and do what it takes to get the task done. whether it s taking orders via phone or in person. will take the time and care needed to make sure the job and task at hand are done right. highlights high customer service standards strong organizational skills active listening skills courteous demeanor energetic work attitude adaptive team player accomplishments customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. product sales cross-sold services upgrading customers to different plans and product packages. customer interface greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions. assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations product promotions and orders. experience sales associate 11/2008 answer customers questions about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection. itemize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter using cash register and accept cash or charge card for purchases. pack
__label__TEACHER teacher summary kind and teacher summary kind and compassionate elementary school teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students. enjoys using modern technology in the classroom. highlights texas teaching certificate with early childhood education endorsement urban public schools background critical thinker title i knowledge curriculum development standardized testing techniques learning assessments ieps knowledge decisive flexible and adaptive calm under pressure member of association of texas professional educators accomplishments worked with a committee of fellow educators to develop campus wide curriculum development. skills classroom management records of progress small group/guided reading instruction hands on math instruction experience august 2011 to current teacher observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress. implemented a variety of teaching methods such as lectures discussions and demonstrations. established clear objectives for all lessons units and projects. encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks. set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal responsibility.identified early signs of emotional developmental and health problems in students and followed up with parents. tutored children individually and in small groups to help them with difficult subjects. taught after-school and summer enrichment programs. scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on
__label__SALES sales associate experience sales sales associate experience sales associate 01/2015 to 11/2016 meet and greet customers investigate customers needs and hot buttons while building rapport sell my and organization demonstrate the product present the product to the customer trade evaluation on trade in vehicles handle and by pass customer objections politely write up the customer in a professional manner on a credit application negotiate and present figures to a customer deliver their new vehicle to the customer follow up for future business or any questions or concerns. produce clerk 01/2013 to 12/2014 keep work area clean at all times make sure produce is presentable and fresh re stock and and always keep produce full unloading new shipments of fresh produce off of pallets keeping a safe and clean back room environment and always give great customer service to customers. field worker 01/2012 to 12/2013 trim and remove leaves of grapes pick grapes and also picked blueberries. willing to relocate anywhere languages 2 years bilingual english spanish education and training arvin high school bakersfield college skills great communication skills credit customer service customer service english inventory negotiation pallet jack pick presentation skills rapport sales spanish phones additional information willing to relocate anywhere authorized to work
__label__HEALTHCARE healthcare consultant executive profile healthcare consultant executive profile seminars and 200 media interviews executive health/longevity expert and corporate wellness consultant. created award-winning preventive care/patient education center in family medicine residency. developed residential wellness program at world-renowned cooper clinic in dallas from ground floor. administered 800 000 kellogg foundation grant to train physicians for public health and preventive medicine. developed innovative nutritional system to rank high nutrient-density foods and motivate individuals to simple healthy eating. designs for wellness consulting with corporate executives medical groups hospitals wellness centers nutritional supplement manufacturers. designed extensive marketing strategies for health/wellness publications healthy food products and nutritional supplements. personal objectives my career goal is to utilize my experience and skills in a larger organization work with teams to create innovative products and services in health promotion disease prevention/management and human longevity fields. collaboration with diverse groups to synergize process of product development and implementation of patient/client services. skill highlights business development strategy expert product marketing strategy expert operational systems efficiency expert wellness program development expert lifestyle change methodology expert professional experience healthcare consultant march 2013 to current specializes in assisting physicians hospitals outpatient rehabilitation clinics and a diverse list of other healthcare providers throughout the u.s. and abroad to achieve
__label__SALES sales summary over 17 sales summary over 17 years of sales and operations management experience in specialty and big-box retail and 4 years sales experience in the automotive sector. experienced in hiring training supervision and coaching. proven skills in operations and human resource management planning negotiating organizing and overseeing projects and events. committed to the highest work ethic and attainment of organizational goals and objectives. highlights excellent interpersonal and coaching skills sales leadership development performance metrics detail-oriented procedure development employee engagement conflict resolution on-boarding and training recruiting performance coaching and counseling operations management human resources management p l management powerful negotiator accomplishments drove store ranking from 297 in to top 10 in less than 6 months of taking over store increased year-over-year sales by 60 . oversaw multiple stores in the southeast and worked directly with local management to drive sales and operational success. initiated sales and merchandising policies that were adopted company-wide. recipient of best buy s top gun award multiple times for sales and productivity. experience sales 07/2015 to current identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and performing an average of 30 cold calls per day. participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals. developed
__label__HR hr director professional summary hr director professional summary experienced hr manager over 3 facilities with 10 years of proven hr experience in all areas of employee relations benefits 401k management payroll eeoc aap faa/dot workers compensation safety. core qualifications employee relations benefits administrator employment law knowledge interviewing expertise payroll expertise manager coaching and training staffing and recruiting professional experience hr director may 2005 to current onboarding hiring recruiting advertising staffing agencies on-line applicant administration interviews employment verification pre-employment testing drug screenings presented job offers i-9 e-verify administration new hire reporting hr safety orientation benefit administration manages all aspects of benefits including new enrollment changes termination for health dental vision life insurance short term disability long term disability coverage employee assistance program section 125 accounts employee loan agreements deductions uniforms audits cobra notification 5500 preparation for filing. 401k administrator tracked new employee eligibility established quarterly enrollment meetings administered employee employer deferral calculations submissions loans distributions plan force-outs qdro s mandatory compliance mailings plan document administration. payroll administered payroll law reviewed submitted weekly payroll managed all garnishments levies child support orders. managed updates changes to time keeping system. maintained employee absence database for all personal vacation sick time. communication - employee recognition awards employee notices via
__label__TEACHER art teacher summary creative art teacher summary creative and caring leader who has earned trust and respect from students colleagues and administration for 11+ years. core qualifications student centered classroom instruction creative lesson planning and curriculum development active listening skills assessments motivating students and classroom management develop positive relationships with students parents and staff community and family involvement leadership organization recruiting professional development administering meetings coordinating and implementing activities achievements fundraising for american cancer society for 3 years as the rfl coordinator joseph b whitehead coca cola scholars educator of distinction award in 2010 outstanding commitment to education service award in 2010 ne division student council advisor of the year award in 2010 and 2014 advisor of the year in 2010 student council of the year award in 2015 breast cancer survivor 2015 professional experience 09/2012 to 06/2015 art teacher teaching 7th grade art art i-iv drawing painting ceramics sculpture and concurrent enrollment intro to art drawing ceramics and painting. planning implementing and evaluating art curriculum for students of all levels. giving directions and explanation related to lessons. providing feedback assessing and evaluating students throughout the lesson. communicating with students and parents on student s progress behavior and work habits. managing disruptive behavior inside
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY it management career overview it management career overview detail-oriented professional with extensive information technology experience in hardware and software troubleshooting/management. with additional experience in networking task automation server technologies digital graphic design client + server side programming technologies and popular industry software packages including microsoft office and adobe creative suite. qualifications education and certificates troubleshooting q comptia a+ certified 2012 q advanced troubleshooting q comptia net+ certification class q virus and spyware removal q mcsa certification class q computer diagnostics and repair q web development i + ii class q gaming console repair and q digital media manipulation class modification q java programming class q mobile device repair q hardware support and programming and web troubleshooting q html - html5 q optimizing and performance tuning q xml q audio and video technologies q css - css3 q medical technology installation and q javascript troubleshooting q command line q java management q actionscript q hardware and software upgrade q php planning q database servers q documentation q android mobile application q organization development q multi-project priority management q content management systems cms operating systems q website enhancement q windows 95 - 8 q storyboarding q windows server 2003 - 8 q search engine optimization seo
__label__ACCOUNTANT general accountant summary 16+ general accountant summary 16+ years experienced professional in accounting and finance seeking an opportunity special interest including an accountant assistant controller position. experienced dynamic individual in accounts finance budgeting fund planning auditing taxation accurate efficient methodical in handling assigned tasks proficient in recommending procedures to achieve financial discipline and enhance the overall efficiency of the organization excellent interpersonal communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team and customer relationship management. bookkeeper with key strengths in planning problem solving and customer relations. familiar with financial reconciliations general ledgers and financial reporting. highlights monthly bank reconciliations. month end closing process journal entries account payable a/p account receivable a/r general ledger reconciliations debtors / creditors / income expenditure inter-company reconciliations fixed assets accounting stock valuation mis financials profit loss / balance sheet taxation cash flow forecasting fund management budgeting controlling ratio analysis payroll management statutory returns filling internal statutory audits ms-office word/excel/power point internet outlook access. accounting software sap quick books periodic financial reporting expert general ledger accounting skills managerial aptitude knowledge of income tax procedures fiscal budgeting knowledge complex problem solving strong communication skills sap knowledge of erp enterprise resource planning software ethical approach to finance strong communication skills accomplishments submitted
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary skilled finance manager summary skilled finance leader experienced in budgeting strategic planning product analysis cost allocation sales plan design and adminstration. highlights strategic planning cpa inactive license significant budget/forecasting experience with a focus on process improvement experienced essbase user strong excel skills accomplishments developed product report and pricing framework driving decisions regarding minimum pricing and product margins partnered with human resources and business leaders to redesign sales plans to reduce sales cost and improving alignment with sales activity streamlined finance support with improved consistency and service levels while reducing staff experience finance manager 10/2007 to current manage forecasting outlook reporting and sales compensation process for structured product services group of corporate trust. asset classes supported includes residential and commercial mortgage products as well as auto student loans life insurance and other asset classes identify and support process improvements to streamline reporting simplify and improve forecast models and enhance metrics for productivity to support strategic business decisions develop pricing cost and allocation models for existing products and new business opportunities providing financial data for strategic growth initiatives and pricing modifications support business objectives related to expense reduction goals manage team of 6-7 consultants including staff that is located remotely with significant focus
__label__HR hr generalist summary young hr generalist summary young dedicated and focused office administrative assistant who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. skill highlights microsoft office proficiency self-directed excel spreadsheets professional and mature meticulous attention to detail strong interpersonal skills results-oriented keen understanding of grammar strong problem solver dedicated team player executive presentation development ability to maintain confidentiality accomplishments received a merit raise for strong attention to detail exemplary customer service and team-player attitude extra mile award-2009 2011 increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols. experience hr generalist april 2013 to october 2013 served as central point of contact for employee relations matters. processed onboarding and new hire paperwork to ensure all employees were in system for employment and payroll purposes. managed the receptionist area including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building. supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors. managed all employee personnel files. made copies sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence. created powerpoint presentations
__label__ADVOCATE finance director professional summary finance director professional summary to find a new and challenging position that will utilize the skills that i ve acquired and help others maximize their skills and potential. ambitious financial manager determined to continually exceed expectations. willing to take on added responsibilities to achieve desired results. skills budgeting and financial management financial reporting and analysis quickbooks complex problem solving highly detail-oriented superior time management exceptionally organized advanced computer proficiency pc and mac exceptional interpersonal communication effective leader staff training/development consistently meet goals efficient multi-tasker customer service-oriented organized deadline-oriented budget development expertise in invoice and payment transactions account reconciliation work history 11/2012 to current finance director analyze and present financial reports to principals in an accurate and timely manner. collate financial reporting materials oversee all financial and project accounting. manage organizational cash flow and forecasting. implement a robust financial management/ reporting system ensure that the billing and collection schedule is adhered to and that financial data and cash flow are steady and support operational requirements. effectively communicate and present the critical financial matters to the board of directors. manage accounting and financial systems and maintain full and accurate accounting records conduct financial analysis and prepare detailed financial reports and statements. provide
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering manager summary software engineering manager summary experienced software engineer and hands-on engineering manager with 20+ years of product development experience in broadcast media and 10+ years of experience in leading development teams 20+ engineers hiring 10+ offers 40+ interviews hr personnel procedures performance reviews and project transitions. experience 09/2009 to current software engineering manager visual c++ windows oop stl winapi mfc threads atl ipc ftp tcp http xml json services web services rest api soa media formats and standards codec sdk mpeg-dash api design and documentation. bcd spinoff as imagine in 2013 nexio video servers and applications run in various nodes of nexio lan to facilitate collaborative video broadcast workflows. media comes from proprietary san or generic storage off nas. development and team management nexio servers applications playout business unit led team of 22 developers from burbank 6 naperville 8 and beijing 8 indirect introduced peer reviews repurposed components and all 3 teams collaborated as one large team and leading team of 3 to 6 from burbank since 2014 adopted scrum scrummaster facilities right-sized and released deliverables for nexio software suite 6.0 7.0 8.0 and global proxy suite 2.5 3.0 3.5. team handles vendor communications for codec level customer issues and team
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS account representative professional summary account representative professional summary i am a social media and public relations professional experienced in creating direct-to-consumer and internal communications for global brands. i am also the founder of wandering for eats a foodie instagram brand with over 3.5k followers and multiple partnerships with local businesses in hudson county new jersey. skills social media strategy digital marketing content development copywriting photo editing microsoft office suite ads c content content development copywriting client delivery email finance financial leadership letters marketing strategy marketing materials meetings microsoft office suite network photo editing profit proposals quick recruitment research sales stories strategy television articles work history 04/2016 to current organically increased instagram following over 200 from 1k to 3.5k in the past four months and achieved an average engagement rate of 12.2 . continuously growing followers by optimizing my social media strategy. collaborate with brands and local restaurants on sponsored posts including creating content and copy photo editing and quick and informative engagement with the audience of each post. produce weekly sponsored snack hack videos published on my instagram story in collaboration with a local food delivery service and provide weekly analytics reports to the brand s marketing manager. research local restaurants and create value-added
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist professional information technology specialist professional summary experienced network professional with outstanding success rate at installing and supporting critical multi-site networks. proven ability to manage all phases of network installation and administration. adept at analyzing business requirements and crafting technical network solutions. possess excellent written and verbal communication skills and knowledge of the latest advances in technology. network administrator talented at resolving highly technical issues efficiently to maintain uptime and increase productivity levels. skills remote access support systems analysis preventative maintenance expert data backup and recovery systems wireless access point performance testing user account creation superb interpersonal skills antivirus and spam blocking vpn configurations lan and wan expertise work history information technology specialist 08/2012 to current provides outstanding support to mission partners and other customers. responds to customer calls and touch labor requests. ensures the confidentiality integrity and availability of systems and data available on the lan. troubleshoots hardware and software components and manages the testing installation and configuration of software. performs daily security inspections of entire decc facility to include all secured and controlled areas. identifies and mitigates all security vulnerabilities and coordinates with security manager. coordinates with and escorts all decc visitors in secure areas and ensures only authorized personnel
__label__FITNESS group fitness instructor summary group fitness instructor summary seasoned customer service specialist with background in providing advice on diverse customer situations. results-oriented professional with diverse background in management and customer service. dedicated to providing excellent customer service and making operational and procedural improvements. talented leader and robust ability to communicate needs and effectively deliver knowledge to staff. administer strong teams and efficient systems positively impacting business growth and downsizing objectives. attention to details. highlights client relations specialist conflict resolution techniques team management focused on customer satisfaction talent development training and development recruitment skilled multi-tasker scheduling deadline-oriented microsoft software proficiency meticulous attention to detail accomplishments played an instrumental role in increasing customer satisfaction ratings index from 75 to 86 within 5 years as senior customer service representative. provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. assisted in the managing of the database and verified edited and modified members information. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. preserved an accuracy of 90 during 10 years of employment. experience group fitness instructor september 2010 to april 2015 explained ways to measure exercise intensity for the best results. designed each class to match the
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing and special events marketing and special events coordinator summary detail oriented organized and personable event coordinator relocating from the west coast. in depth understanding of the value of planning and confirming details of events to ensure success. brings over 6 years of experience and lessons learned to ensure all elements of an event come together smoothly. core qualifications vendor and subcontractor negotiations/relations combination of big picture thinking and attention to detail relationship building prioritization clear communications with all parties time line of required actions for successful event skills desktop publishing software microsoft office suite tech savvy and able to learn new software quickly and efficiently experience 01/2010 to current marketing and special events coordinator plan and manage weekend seminars social retreats fundraisers and gala dinners from concept to completion. design all marketing materials brochures and fliers for conferences and events. developed marketing strategy based on knowledge of establishment objectives and market characteristics. maintain and update website on a daily basis. 08/2009 to 12/2009 special events and public relations intern worked on media planning and corporate budget management. created and maintained the s calendar of events. communicated with many vendors and publications on pr events assisted in planning retail and wholesale events nationwide. 05/2009
__label__CONSTRUCTION regional development manager summary regional development manager summary be a strategic leader of an organization utilizing creativity innovation experience technical education people skills and business relationships to inspire the will to win through the development of best in class people that deliver best in class results experience regional development manager 01/2003 to current real estate coo head of north america real estate operations accountable for all project management transactions procurement and facility management activities for 25 million sf of real estate across the united states and canada representing an annual capital plan and operating expense budget of 450 million and 1.4 billion per year respectively. lead a staff of 90 employees plus all outsourced real estate providers accountable for delivering legendary customer experiences. svp head of retail real estate and distribution strategy led a staff of fifty employees driving the strategic development and tactical implementation of the real estate program across the us footprint. direct the capital expenditure and manage expenses for the portfolio of 1 300 branches. accountable for new construction renovations relocations and consolidations architectural project management disposition of surplus property purchasing facility management asset reinvestment lease administration and contract administration. align real estate strategies across all lines of business. recommend final
__label__APPAREL sales consultant summary talented sales consultant summary talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and balances customer needs with demands. efficiently builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while consistently reaching sales targets. accomplishments golden eagle award winner 2011 golden eagle award winner awarded service star award for providing excellent customer service trained in business development proven sales track record accomplished in relationship selling adept at closing sales ms office proficiency iowa territory specialist north american monthly sales mvp experience sales consultant november 2013 to current proactively manages day-to-day activities and supervision of a team of customer service representatives. responsible for targeted results in customer retention route sales and a/r collection. answered customers questions regarding products prices and availability. responded to all customer inquiries in a timely manner. collaborated with members of other departments to complete sales transactions. 2011 golden eagle award winner march 2011 north america sales mvp 3-time 2k club member. proactively sought out new customers and secured new sales for the company. expanded market share by converting prospective clients into new customers through providing solutions to all of their business needs. efficiently prospected and landed new customers while securing a strong presence for the within the assigned area. operations supervisor november 2008
__label__AVIATION unmanned aviation technician supervisor unmanned aviation technician supervisor summary solutions-focused versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting u.s. military operations in roles of increasing responsibility during a 9 year career in the marine cops. effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and technologies to achieve positive results with minimal resources. to include 6 years in logistics transportation and embarking. as well as 3 years with on-job-training and certification as unmanned aviation systems maintenance controller. highlights microsoft office suit microsoft word outlook internet excel publisher experience unmanned aviation technician supervisor 02/2011 current william russ tel 760.830.7097 salary 55 000/yr hrs worked 40. volunteer 05/2007 05/2010 provide emotional assistance to military spouses who lost loved ones during operation enduring freedom and operation iraqi freedom. personal attributes maintain and develop positive business relationships with a customer s key personnel involved in or directly relevant to a logistics activity. develop an understanding of customers needs and take actions to ensure that such needs are met. direct availability and allocation of materials supplies and finished products. collaborate with other departments as necessary to meet customer requirements to take advantage of sales opportunities or in the case of shortages to minimize negative impacts on a business. protect and control
__label__ARTS executive director career overview executive director career overview highly motivated public servant for over 35 years in a multitude of facets to include administrative management logistics management budget management emergency management quality improvement management physical and personal security management antiterrorism force protection shipboard operations navigation maritime law enforcement combat readiness training and instruction. skill highlights problem resolution self-starter collaboration and coordination service orientation budget microsoft office quickbooks spreadsheets career accomplishments received various medals and accommodations for superior performance from peace time and combat units. professional experience 06/2009 - 08/2012 executive director administrator for a non-profit arts and cultural organization in kodiak alaska. actively pursued funding sources both private and governmental. continuous interaction with community local and federal agencies for arts education and cultural programming for a remote island community to promote organizations goals through public forums advertisement marketing use of media brochures and various online media outlets. aggressively realigned the organizations strategic plan with current and near future goals. directly responsible for the grant applications process from creation to reporting. i managed grants from and local sources and as the sole administrator for the kodiak arts council i was required to understand all provisions of all the grants. promulgated and administered annual art grants
__label__CHEF main chef professional summary main chef professional summary lead emergency department training officer at nmh in chicago core qualifications professional summary - food service professional with 6 plus years of restaurant experience adept at foh and boh operations. demonstrated team leader with excellent staff management skills. highly proactive customer service specialist. driven dedicated and hardworking individual offering focused leadership and operational knowledge. service-orientated inventory control and record keeping dynamic friendly restaurant host natural leader food service background strong work ethic passion for customer satisfaction conflict resolution techniques experience main chef responsible for the well being and security of the client staff site and/or property. led and directed team members on effective methods operations and procedures.maintained a safe working and guest environment to reduce the risk of injury andaccidents. carefully trained and supervised staff.promoted high levels of excellent customer service daily. insured accurate reports were produced and standards always met.promoted positivity and professionalism daily. organized special events in the restaurant including receptions promotions andcorporate luncheons. clearly and promptly communicated pertinent information to staff such as largereservations or last minute menu changes. interacted positively with customers while promoting restaurant facilities andservices. correctly calculated inventory and ordered appropriate supplies.carefully trained new employees and supervised staff in back
__label__TEACHER substitute teacher summary receiving substitute teacher summary receiving an education on psychology and pursuing my teaching certification ha been the best professional accomplishment i have achieved. the teaching in the absence of the teacher helped me understand that i have a background to implement the strategist teach. sales manager successful in relationship and team building. motivates sales teams to exceed sales goals with track record of consistently achieving employee retention skilled in leading teams to set record-high sales figures expand existing territories and develop new accounts. achieve record-setting revenue gains. talented effective at multi- tasking and reaching sales targets. builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers business development executive experienced in all aspects of sales and marketing contract negotiation and account management. driven professional who effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while consistently exceeding sales targets. accomplishments 8620 spectrum center blvd. san diego ca 92123 accomplishments attentive sales manager with track record of consistently achieving employee retention and sales goals. 8 years in sales customer service and personnel and payroll management. driven to exceed goals and expectations. talented sales professional effective at multi-tasking and reaching sales targets. builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers. experience substitute teacher 01/2016 to current manage classrooms
__label__CONSULTANT leasing consultant summary microsoft leasing consultant summary microsoft office 4 years sales 4 years quickbooks 4 years performance management 2 years accounting 4 years market research 4 years marketing strategy 4 years marketing communications 4 years financial analysis 4 years public relations 4 years accomplishments to whom it may concern my is vincent hall and i hate the one-size-fits-all approach to business. when marketing doesn t feel like marketing and people organically connect to your message you ve birthed a movement. gone are the days of the 1950 s where individualism rooted in autonomy allowed one to be labeled as the lone wolf and heroically conquer the corporate ladder . similarly business entities cannot survive the current globalized hyper-competitive market through what i call corporate -isolationism . a business whether a start-up or an established titan of industry must always find relevant ways connect and communicate with its audience. my interest in business started when my friend s step-father told me the only road to success is the one you build through work and creativity . this statement has birthed a passion and drive to not only understand human behavior in what motivates one to buy but also the mechanics behind product positioning. what
__label__BANKING software quality assurance analyst software quality assurance analyst ii career overview 12 years of experience in software quality assurance requirements analysis test planning creating test cases and test process coordination experienced with functional end to end regression and user acceptance testing of web based and client server interfaces familiar with the waterfall and agile sdlc 7 years experience in customer support/service and handling escalated issues 5 years of running formal training and development programs for system users advanced windows os and ms office applications user/troubleshooting skills ability to learn new software very quickly able to handle multiple projects take ownership attitude flexible team player qualifications microsoft excel/word/outlook/access/powerpoint/frontpage windows 7/xp/2k dos setting up/troubleshooting hardware/software mac internet test director/quality center ontime zendesk sharepoint and basic office equipment work experience software quality assurance analyst ii jan 2012 to current work environment agile windows based acuity electronic health record system suite testing and administration ontime.com used for incident/bug reporting. t-sql used to query/insert/update sql db to verify input/output of test scenarios. winautomation and testcomplete used for automated testing. application software testing from local machines and cloud share environments. excel and word extensively used for creation of project documentation responsible for analyzing the requirements and testing all modules of
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary multi-talented graphic designer summary multi-talented graphic designer consistently motivated for success and goal driven. skilled in photoshop illustrator animate indesign html and css. i am adaptable and driven with a strong work ethic and ability to thrive in a team-based environment. i have experience with adobe creative suite particularly with photoshop and illustrator and i have a vast knowledge of typography. skills adobe photoshop adobe premiere pro adobe lightroom adobe illustrator adobe indesign adobe animate html/css coding written and social communication skills microsoft word/excel adobe dreamweaver visual design team building decision-making calm under pressure flexible creative approach excellent workflow management experience graphic designer 02/2021 to current - graphic design experience worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments. developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base. developed designed laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures banners and signs. fostered relationships with retail clients through effective communication negotiation and collaboration. consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects. created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads. designed new on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging. i have of 3 years of photoshop
__label__ACCOUNTANT assistant accountant summary accountant/business assistant accountant summary accountant/business consultant objectives dynamic creative and proactive accountant seeking a long-term opportunity within the business community where my professional experience education and abilities would be advantageous to the growth of my employer and my self. profile summary acca finalist qualified diploma in accountancy with 10 years financial accounting public finance and financial management experience skills financial management financial performance assessment financial planning accounting compliance/auditing/assurance cash management budgeting financial reporting cash flow statements business consultant/advisor business management accomplishments high integrity. good sense of customer care. good judgment and decision-making skills achivements. best cashier in barclays bank zambia limited in 2002. best back office clerk in barclays bank zambia limited in 2003 referees 1. anna mwinga corporate affairs and human resources manager national milling p.o box 31980 lusaka tel 211 221149 cell 0977 757437 2. moses simpokolwe human resources and administrative officer national science and technology council. experience 09/2005 to current assistant accountant government of the republic of zambia. reporting to the accountant. functions include . closing of monthly accounts and preparing financial statements for submission to the council board of directors . scrutinizing source documents for completeness accuracy and validity. extracting details of expenditure assets and liability from
__label__ADVOCATE vzw customer tech advocate vzw customer tech advocate overview flexible independent self motivated and effective leading contributor of the foa/fsa team customer focused with high understanding of external customer needs. strong planning organizing decision making capability with good leadership skills motivating others in achieving high quality results on time as required. shares opinion and ideas freely and willing to support other team members in succeeding. good technical skills with understanding of network wireless technical concepts. eager in learning new concepts quickly. friendly demeanor that is easy to work with and approachable. excellent communication and negotiation skills. ability to work with key personnel across multiple organizations core qualifications over 18 years wireless experience. 3 years of rf optimization and 8 years of cdma cell foa first office application working on multiple customer assignments. 1.5 years of network level testing. over 3 years of experience as an lte fsa engineer. over 2 years vzw customer tech advocate working with verizon headquarter and nokia support team. over 3 years of experience as an lte fsa engineer 1.5 years of lte network level testing 3 years of rf optimization and 8 years of cdma cell foa first office application working on multiple customer assignments. central point of contact
__label__FINANCE contracts and finance officer contracts and finance officer professional profile contracts and finance officer exceptional payroll administrator with a background in finance seeks to provide administrative accounting and payroll support to an energetic human resources or finance department. detail-oriented efficient and organized contract and finance officer with extensive background in community-based organizations seeks to bring strong work ethic and engaging interpersonal communication to a vibrant nonprofit company. offer expertise in european development fund edf payment and contract procedures financial management and accounting procedures and a keen business sense that combine to deliver sustainable results in project management . qualifications financial management project cycle management accounting procedures payment/contract procedures budget support edf procedures productivity improvement quality control filing/archiving/documentation administration record-keeping independent worker time management attention to detail microsoft applications programme management programme estimates/grant tompro/tomfed/tomon financial accounting software for edf projects and programs certificate in filing archiving documentation project cycle management relevant experience transitioned bookkeeping function from external to in-house to increase efficiency and lower cost simplified payroll processing procedure to increase department productivity by 20 . worked with human resources to develop streamlined way to track paid time off. experience contracts and finance officer 12/2008 to 08/2014 ensure accuracy and completeness of all payments recovery
__label__FINANCE budget finance specialist senior budget finance specialist senior summary dynamic finance professional with a strong background in all aspects of accounting and financial management. successful at managing multiple assignments while meeting tight deadlines. highlights financial analysis complex problem solving financial reporting expert account reconciliation self-motivated professional revenue/expenses management ufars superior time management peoplesoft expert bookkeeping sap/ms office suite excel budgeting expert business process improvement school finances accomplishments promoted to senior role with added responsibility of managing 3-person team of budget/finance specialists and 1 senior account clerk successfully managed aging invoices by reducing the number of invoices from 900 invoices to less than 200 in the work flow within 2 days improved cost efficiency of school districts travel system awarded 5-star customer service by recognizing outstanding customer service that goes above and beyond normal duties acknowledging consistent dedication in support of clients and colleagues successfully trained account clerks and secretaries in using sap experience october 2007 to current budget finance specialist senior co-supervise and co-lead activities for a team of 3 budget finance specialists and 1 account clerk cadre. responsible for training any new team members giving work direction to all team members lead the team during fiscal budgeting process ensure fiscal responsibility throughout key
__label__CONSTRUCTION cad/gis design specialist summary cad/gis design specialist summary a diverse construction superintendent/project manager with 20+ years of experience in construction project management construction supervision building/construction inspection drafting and surveying. accomplished in new and remodel of commercial residential multi-family utilities and heavy civil construction. team player and problem solver with excellent communication and versatility that will be beneficial and profitable to operations. highlights permit processing baseline schedules creation building codes and regulations blueprint fluency safe job site set-up residential and commercial construction specialist ms office proficient superb management skills project budgeting results-oriented experience cad/gis design specialist dec 2014 to current transfer autocad data for water sewer and irrigation as-builts into gis database using arcgis. prepare and plot detailed maps of project sites for the use of planning and presentations. implementation of cadd drafting standards. construction layout manager apr 2014 to jul 2014 oversaw day to day field operations on layout of concrete asphalt and utility construction using gps. responsible for scheduling of the entire companies layout needs. responsible for ordering all layout materials and maintaining equipment. calculations of field layout utilizing topcon 3d office software autocad and microstation. achievements as construction layout manager of illinois - willard airport champaign il - parking lot rehab -
__label__CONSTRUCTION utility engineer profile detail utility engineer profile detail oriented and motivated chemical engineer with strong research analytical and problem solving skills seeks a position in the industry. team player with proven strengths in customer relationship management leadership and communications skills. demonstrated ability to multitask and work under pressure to meet critical deadlines. fluent hindi-urdu english areas of expertise site manager gamry vistashield and microsoft office design software matlab aspen plus imaging skills sem microscopic imaging key qualities excellent management and interpersonal skills reliable responsible resourceful quick learner organized hard-worker who takes pride in a job well done. self-motivated very friendly enjoy helping others. professional experience january 2015 to december 2016 utility engineer monitored and evaluated the design operation and maintenance of electric utility systems to ensure that new york s electric customers are provided with safe and reliable electric service. evaluated utility s budget and program in rate cases reviewed utility s emergency response plan research and development and system reliability filings. cooperated with the staffs of and agencies on issues of mutual concern. conducted field inspections of electric and communication facilities to determine compliance with public service commission wire crossing and line extension permits underground and overhead facility rules and electric construction and
__label__ENGINEERING engineering aide professional summary engineering aide professional summary resourceful facilities tech with solid background in preventative maintenance repair.talented facilities tech with more than 3 years of experience developing and executing maintenance programs. excellent troubleshooting skills.detail-oriented professional with strong technical skills and the ability to learn concepts quickly. highlights q mechanically-inclined q diagnosis and repair q skilled concrete finisher q preventative maintenance q dexterous with hand tools q suspension and alignment q strong attention to detail q brake systems expertise q troubleshooting q brake repair and replacement q responsible and reliable q strategic thinker q excellent problem solver q self-starter q decisive q critical thinker accomplishments machine troubleshooting q performed effective troubleshooting of machines/systems number per week/month/year . repaired broad range of machines or systems including types of machines or systems using tools .problem diagnosis q used operational knowledge of systems parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly. documentation q reported and documented unsafe conditions equipment and/or injury. training q responsible for providing vision and guidance to a group of 20 construction employees training them on sufficient project plans and procedures. equipment maintenance q performed routine maintenance on equipment on as-needed basis. inventory control q restocked and organized items as necessary and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager professional business development manager professional summary seasoned business development professional seeking leadership position with increasing responsibility and room to contribute to success. accomplished business development manager with innovative leadership style and expertise in brand positioning strategies. outstanding sales marketing business development and account management talents with great influencing and communication strengths. personable team player able to relate easily to people of all backgrounds with consultative flexible approach. strong record of accomplishment over 20 years in sales and marketing with a 10m territory. high-achieving business development manager offering 20-year track record of success improving sales and growing customer base through effective program management strategic planning and team leadership. 20 years of experience converting sales leads and effectively managing multiple territories. highly skilled in forecasting project management and strategic planning and top-notch communication abilities. skills key decision making marketing verbal and written communication strategic planning excellent at networking relationship building and management conflict resolution goals and performance new business development territory management account management and development product and service sales work history business development manager 03/2014 to 10/2019 accounts included skyworks finisar broadcom macom on semi microchip gcs northrop grumman nxp cypress grew territory from 200k/year to 3m/year organized trade shows - semicon
__label__CONSULTANT consultant objective enthusiastic pharmacist consultant objective enthusiastic pharmacist with a variety of experience in community pharmacy including compounding and managerial experience. enjoys multitasking by working with other healthcare professionals and insurance providers to ensure optimal patient outcomes. thrives on working in a team environment to provide an efficient and positive patient experience. licenses in good standing with both texas and idaho boards of pharmacy and a certified immunizer. professional experience 09/2016 to current consultant experience in achc accreditation and compounding product development. pharmacy workflow solutions and marketing strategies. insurance billing knowledge including specialty medications expertise in board inspections and license reciprocity process. 02/2016 to 08/2016 pharmacist in charge set up a newly purchased pharmacy that specialized in non-sterile compounding. created a logical and efficient system to process prescriptions compounding product verification and shipping arrangements. developed many compounded medications such as topical analgesics scar diminishing creams and a variety of metabolic supplements. enjoyed managing a team to promote a positive and efficient work environment. 10/2015 to 02/2016 staff pharmacist gained initial non-sterile compounding experience. involved with processing verifying prescriptions and product verification. learned record keeping for compounding ingredients batch and patient specific compounding. worked to create optimal workflow product marketing and develop business. 06/2012 to
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary ability finance manager summary ability to communicate effectively to customers management and staff. establish rapport with clients from diverse socio-economic and ethnic backgrounds. ability to deal with crisis in a calm professional manner. highlights team leadership accomplished in relationship selling friendly and cheerful approachable proven sales track record goal-oriented exceptional time management adept at closing sales sales management experience finance manager 01/2013 03/2016 lasco ford. as the lead finance manager my responsibilities were numerous. my primary responsibility is to represent the dealership and abide by all the legal and ethical guidelines set forth under federal law. i aslo present all available products to 100 of the purchasing customers 100 of the time.i explain all the benefits unique to each available product. i am responsible for gathering all the appropriate documentation required from each lending institution for each individual customer. i ensure all cits are funded within set guidelines by the dealership. i have build lasting and ethical relationships with my buyers and organizational representatives. i have been professionally trained in menu selling by gerry gould aagi. i am also part of additional finance manager formats such as finance showroom. new car sales. al serra buick/gmc. i assisted customers with their new
__label__HR hr manager summary to hr manager summary to obtain a position that offers many opportunities for growth and development that will enhance my existing knowledge in management and leadership. in return i will give my very best to the so it can achieve its goals and aspirations to continue future success. highlights leadership skills providing focus and direction to subordinates motivating employees to do better accuracy and attention to detail ability to work as part of a team possess effective communication and influencing skills strong analytical and problem solving skills possess a strong work ethic and a high level of professionalism excellent interpersonal planning and organizational skills a team player who handles multiple projects simultaneously in a fast paced environment proficient in a variety of computer software programs microsoft word microsoft excel microsoft access microsoft powerpoint microsoft publisher microsoft outlook microsoft visio lotus notes experience hr manager 04/2015 to current supervises coaches and counsels staff. guides employees through the various employment processes such as corrective action and documentation. ensures consistency and fairness resolving complex policy related issues conducting investigations and make appropriate recommendations as needed. provides guidance in developing employees for transfer and promotion. manages the annual talent review performance goal setting performance review
__label__APPAREL freelance designer highlights efficiently freelance designer highlights efficiently lead and coordinated all product development stages. research market needs for development of new products remain up-to-date on emerging trends and competitors. engaging presenter and communicator clearly communicates product features and advantages to management clients and vendors. skilled in the production of concept sketches 3d computer models and product prototypes. technical proficiencies ms office suite word excel powerpoint adobe photoshop illustrator cs pro engineer rhino alias hypershot keyshot wacom drawing tablet scanning software digital cameras table saws sanders paint sprayers. experience 07/2014 to current freelance designer completed projects for dick s sporting good walmart khol s cabela s magellan kryptek snap-on cca. created winter beanies and gloves. creating tech packs specific apparel information on placement measurements and overall look of garment. created women s hoodies yoga pants and tee shirts. created golf polo shirts. created designs for promotional baseball caps to be sold at four major airports. 05/2014 to 06/2014 freelance designer provided designs and sketches for two models of snow ski gloves. the designs were from initial concept through final design stages. the first model is a ski patroller glove where durability and value are paramount. the second model is at the upper end of
__label__ENGINEERING engineering specialist summary accomplished engineering specialist summary accomplished ambitious and influential team leader with 24 years of diverse project management experience spanning the design manufacturing operations logistics systems engineering and test evaluation disciplines. a jack of all trades out of the box thinker tackling and resolving the most challenging problems encountered by the organization by utilizing sound judgment and experience. demonstrated ability to manage projects of significant importance to the program while meeting cost schedule and scope constraints set by stakeholders. certifications project management professional pmp - 2011 highlights project management secret clearance risk management performance tracking and evaluation team building project analysis leadership mentoring business and requirements analysis operations management decisive leader experience engineering specialist 01/2004 to current extensive planning coordination systematic execution led to a cost savings of 1m meeting all contract deliverables during a 1.5 year test program. bid proposal lead for the ipt efforts resulted in convincing customer to add additional scope increasing contract value by 1.2m. co-authored presented multiple professional papers to symposiums one of which was selected best paper by the military sensing symposium. project manager on highly visible competitive project with significant influence on future contracts valued in excess of 75m. considerable experience knowledge of project management
__label__BANKING director vendor services and director vendor services and compliance summary extensive experience in human resources account management business architecture project implementation and director level operations. ability to display outstanding interpersonal skills keen analysis problem solving and team approach to meet the demands of clients and stakeholders. highlights strong task management skills benefits and payroll administration implementation change management analytical strong interpersonal skills contract negotiation evaluation and compliance innovative problem solving strong written and verbal communication reporting and documentation experience director vendor services and compliance october 2015 to current - analyze requirements and produce solutions in accordance with best practices in employment and human resource law as it relates to independent consultants contractors and temporary labor. architect solutions that exceed program objectives through in-depth analysis of business requirements. facilitate discovery of business information and processes to uncover potential areas of risk. selected to lead the management of program implementation including project initiation planning execution and closure. develop and manage project schedules and deliverables and report on status and results. coordinate activities and meetings internally and with stakeholders to analyze business requirements and solicit feedback. conduct detailed workflow and business reviews to monitor project results and control resources. audit data and systems to ensure a thorough
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant interests buffalo creek accountant interests buffalo creek golf club rockwall tx may 2012-august 2012 maintain golf carts and driving range experience 03/2016 to 03/2018 accountant reconcile bank accounts daily process accounts payable maintain general ledgers create and modify existing excel documents maintain and process payroll maintain accounting system perform month-end procedures and account reconciliations create and modify existing journal entries perform accounting data reconciliations and verifications prepare and file 1099s 941s 940s w-2s and c-3s pay payroll taxes every pay period using the electronic federal tax payment system eftps roll over tax and fiscal years at year-end and perform all closing procedures organize and prepare files for yearly audit. 06/2015 to 08/2015 office assistant answer phone. deliver mail. help professors maintain excel documents. organize papers for professors. 05/2014 to 08/2014 assistant maintain excel spreadsheets. education and training texas a m commerce december 2017 masters of science accounting baylor university accounting gpa 3.58 august 2015 bachelor of business administration accounting accounting gpa 3.0 gpa 3.28 skills account reconciliations accounting system accounts payable process payroll spreadsheets additional information buffalo creek golf club rockwall tx may 2012-august 2012 maintain golf carts and driving range activities/achievements president s gold scholarship awarded 7 500/year for exemplary academic performance
__label__CONSTRUCTION owner/project manager executive summary owner/project manager executive summary experienced wireless professional with over 10 years of construction and project management background in mods upgrades nsb and working with multiple carriers. familiar with all aspects of construction from sow bom redlining site acquisition/ntp process quality inspection vendor/contractor management and tracking. strong understanding of gsm umts lte technologies. professional experience owner/project manager 08/2013 to 10/2015 preparing regular progress reports for project sponsors making daily tasks lists and delegating responsibility arranging and leading on regular team meetings keeping up to date with any policy and legislation changes undertaking site checks to monitor progress dealing with matters arising from stakeholders such as environmental and local community issues monitoring budget reports preparing the site and liaising with other construction professionals such as architects engineers buyers estimators and surveyors before construction work starts developing the program of work and strategy for making the project happen planning ahead to prevent problems on site before they occur for example planning the delivery and storage of equipment and materials making safety inspections of the site when work is underway and ensuring regulations relating to health safety and the environment hse are adhered to overseeing the running of several projects communicating with a range
__label__HEALTHCARE personal healthcare assistant professional personal healthcare assistant professional summary personal nursing assistant with 4+ years work experience in fast-paced environment handling confidential paperwork administering medication and providing quality empathetic patient-focused care monitored vital signs assisted with feeding bathing/grooming positioning and range of motion exercises. highly compassionate and looking for a long term care position. licenses cpr certification adult first aid certification child first aid certification environmental emergencies certification adult/child cpr with mask certification adult/child aed certification infant cpr with mask certification through the american heart association. skill highlights understands medical procedures understands mobility assistance needs charting expertise able to lift 50+ pounds trained in grooming and bathing assistance respiratory equipment training documentation procedures expert quick problem solver general housekeeping ability medical terminology knowledge valid mo driver s license reliable transportation calm and level-headed under duress trained in catheter change and preparation professional experience 06/2013 to 12/2013 personal healthcare assistant observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager. completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines. assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake. planned prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets. provided companionship to clients. cleaned and organized patients living quarters. performed household tasks such
__label__FINANCE global finance accountant summary global finance accountant summary honest reliable dependable hardworking quick learner enthusiastic motivated individual with strong work ethics who is results driven detail oriented and well organized with a fervent desire to learn and be part of a professional team which offers continued opportunities for professional and personal growth. skills excellent people and self-management techniques excellent client or business partner relations excellent written and oral communication abilities excellent problem-solving skills file maintenance experience using windows 98 2000 2007 2010 2013 power point ms outlook ms word bolt mac millennium internet sap 7.5 sabre great plains lawson hris csg proalpha quick books centricity as400 oracle r11 oracle r12 mas 90 kofax excel. knowledge of financial management and human resource sox compliant procedures and iso900. experience global finance accountant oct 2016 to current process and analyze invoices and expense reports to ensure appropriate approvals in accordance with cge expenditure authorization guidelines. ensures accuracy of tax calculations for all invoice payments and accrues additional tax expense and payable during the posting process. communicate with business partners and external vendors on invoice inquiries and other expense related activities. apply cost center general ledger gl and other required coding for financial information system entries to ensure
__label__AVIATION government relations communications and government relations communications and organizational development director professional summary strategically grounded highly experienced leader quickly establishes trust and effective working relationships focus on effective communication between teams creative articulate and resourceful successful at team mentoring and develop individuals into leadership innovative energetic and a good sense of humor skills work history 01/2014 to current government relations communications and organizational development director government relations and communications wsdot toll division leadership develops strong partnerships with functional teams throughout wsdot and region in delivering toll projects. oversees implementation of continuous improvement and lean project. represents the division with the media government and industry representatives and citizens. government relations serves as a strategic advisor to department executives on key tolling communication and legislative strategies. communications leads strategic communication and government relations delivery plans with internal employees and stakeholders for the wsdot toll division. distills complex financial and technical information into clear graphic storytelling and understandable communication. facilitates resolution workshops on policy conflicts between internal and cross functional partners. leads external communications team leverage of current social media tools. team 2 managers 8 staff director of budget and program development washington ferries leadership built strong partnerships between diverse internal partners and external stakeholders. cultivated lean
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology help desk information technology help desk specialist highlights microsoft windows operating systems 95 98 2000 me xp and windows 7 along with expert knowledge in several other applications such as microsoft active directory microsoft works microsoft office and microsoft outlook sap crm erp oracle jd edwards remedy great plains peoplesoft sharepoint avaya blue pumpkin verint novell vdi platforms and cognos. business process improvement cost-benefit analysis forecasting and planning advanced excel modeling business systems analysis sap business requirements matrixes project management superb communication skills advanced problem solving abilities critical thinking decisive experience information technology help desk specialist august 2014 to current diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues for incoming phone calls and emails while ensuring detailed documentation on all activity and communication with customers regarding their issue display the ability to understand and communicate complex and technical information clearly and concisely demonstrate proficiency in product knowledge and call handling skills maintain accurate customer records process changes display the ability to work in a fast paced environment providing efficient productivity while simultaneously providing superior quality service research questions using available information resources and advise user on appropriate action log all help desk interactions identify and escalate situations requiring urgent attention track and
__label__ENGINEERING qa engineering manager professional qa engineering manager professional summary seasoned engineering manager with ability to build and motivate high-performing engineering team with over 14+ years of experience in cards and payments industry committed to rapidly and efficiently completing projects by leveraging team-based frameworks to best leverage available engineering talent. self-motivated forward thinking mindset solution-focused clear communicator decision maker and problem solver. skills qa engineering software expertise - design estimate execute maintain and document. technical communication skills - bug triage reporting technical reviews root cause analysis automation tools - design and implement collaborating with stakeholders - roadmap managing releases demos risk mitigation planning organization and time management - resource planning leadership - strategic planning team building conflict resolution training development mentoring behavioral skills - forward-thinking mindset detail-oriented multitasking abilities flexible adaptable work history qa engineering manager 01/2016 to current 20+ emv certs in calendar year with team of 2+ cert analysts. managed fast paced project delivery from qa for time sensitive and key projects for company. collis tool btt automation using python to reduce emv test cases execution time to 1 week for all brands thus completing any emv certification within 3 months. design test automation using katalon to for improved regression test coverage and
__label__HEALTHCARE account executive summary extensive account executive summary extensive experience in healthcare management leadership mentor healthcare sales customer service succeeded in exceeding targets and expectations earned the reputation of being the most dependable and trusted healthcare care employee recognize for dedication and professionalism. received praise for handling situations with a professional and positive attitude on my current job. i was given praise by my manager for my great communication skills and my willingness to be flexible with the schedule that my currently required. authorized to work in the us for any employer skills staffing management ability proven patience and self-discipline motivation techniques specialist confident public speaker conflict resolution patient-oriented personal and professional integrity relationship and team building sound decision making staff training and development effectively influences others critical thinking proficiency experience 06/2017 to current account executive generating referrals for home health by building relationships with physicians long term care independent and assisted living facilities and other community resources.conduct market analysis develop sales strategy goals and plans.conducting sales calls and evaluating results and effectiveness of sales activitysupport business development activities and help establish strong relationships with new and existing referral sources. call on physicians hospitals skilled nursing facilities management discharge planners and case managers within an
__label__FITNESS head girls basketball coach head girls basketball coach summary former collegiate student-athlete with advanced training in athletics and coaching who aims to inspire others to commit to long-term health fitness and/or sports/performance goals. brings extensive knowledge personal experience and education in fitness human performance and exercise science. resourceful goal-oriented sports and fitness professional who offers a comprehensive background in exercise physiology sports medicine injury prevention and specializes in sport-specific training for basketball. qualified fitness coach equipped with a plethora of motivational techniques and technical skills necessary to engage clients and achieve results. well-versed in establishing client trust developing relationships making connections and exceeding expectations. energetic fitness professional who retains sound quality leadership skills possesses strong mentoring ability and remains adept at dynamic interpersonal communication. equipped to support the mission of any athletic program or health wellness organization. highlights athletic coach - basketball fitness flag football certified fitness trainer - aerobic fitness association of america affa cpr/aed certified american safety health institute american heart association safety first aid certification american safety health institute sports medicine human anatomy knowledge strength/performance coach health wellness expert fitness equipment expertise program design specialist nutrition adviser saq authority qualifications excellent employment record. exemplify great work ethic. illustrate eagerness to learn
__label__HR regional hr deputy manager regional hr deputy manager summary competent hr generalist and seasoned recruiter with an extensive background in hr operations functions across large corporates. through my progressive career i have helped build hr operational efficiencies by meeting standards of excellence in end-to-end hr delivery highlights peoplesoft oracle ats office package expert proficiency in ms word ms excel ms powerpoint ms outlook experience regional hr deputy manager 06/2010 to 03/2014 joined at assistant manager and was promoted to deputy manager. provided full range of generalist services employee retention employee engagement performance management and corporate social responsibility including talent acquisition in the geography within the hr operational framework of the organization. the purpose of the job was to manage the regional hr portfolio for a territory with employee base of over 700 employees and additionally the following executed full employee life-cycle management for the employees in the designated geographical territory managed full cycle recruitment process sourcing of resumes through internal and external sources till bringing the candidate onboard implemented recruitment strategies to reach high volume recruiting helped organize and manage interviews of 300+ candidates from top schools conducted on-campus events to increase s on-campus engagement coordinated full-time and summer hires implemented end-to-end processes was
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS president executive profile media president executive profile media relations pro with compelling pitching skills delivering top tier media and publicity results for clients. placed media stories in thousands of international venues across multiple continents including the wall street journal forbes people sports illustrated usa today time and newsweek. booked client appearances on nbc s today show the tonight show with jay leno david letterman good morning america oprah and many more. excellent written verbal and interpersonal communicator proficient in creating quality written material with published articles and bylines in dozens of magazines and media outlets. large-scale international special events management positioning and publicity expert for future capitals world summit expo abu dhabi the world summit on innovation entrepreneurship wsie dubai the us-arab economic forum with colin powell usa and more. bi-culturally insightful strategist delivering marketing communications programs that support growth in international markets with experience in the middle east north africa mena regions and in central america. innovative branding executive and savvy problem-solver for regional national and international clients across multiple industries including economic development travel tourism government energy technology education financial healthcare and sports entertainment. skilled marketing communications strategist and public relations executive with significant and progressive experience developing managing and executing integrated
__label__CONSULTANT management consultant summary human management consultant summary human capital manager and operations strategist who works with cross-functional teams to translate organizational values and objectives into actions that drive impacts in local and cross-cultural contexts. highlights training and development personnel records maintenance new hire orientation exceptional interpersonal skills innovative cross-cultural mediation expertise consensus building techniques process improvement strategies multi-site operations systems implementation flexible self-motivated market research and analysis customer-oriented strategic thinker schedule management problem resolution deadline-oriented interviewing expertise performance management strategies manager coaching and training event management strategic planning global and strategic sourcproject management leadership/communication skills product development business operations organization ing negotiationsprocedure development analytical team building cost reduction and containment staff motivation group behavior and dynamics outreach programming specialist exceptional problem solver articulate and well-spoken time management meticulous attention to detail works well under pressure accomplishments process improvement oversaw implementation of new phone system which resulted in more cost-effective service. data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. project management initiated project which resulted in positive outcome .
__label__HEALTHCARE senior director of business senior director of business operations - healthcare executive profile operations executive with solid experience demonstrating strong leadership to achieve overall corporate goals and objectives in fast-paced high growth organizations. skill highlights strategic planning budgeting multi-million dollar p l management operations management budgeting expertise leadership/communication skills professional services management total quality management professional experience senior director of business operations - healthcare 09/2011 to current accountable for managing business operations for nuance healthcare a 1b division of nuance oversee forecasting for the healthcare division by tracking pipeline to bookings and revenue accuracy rate within 5 on a quarterly basis continuous implementation of operational best practices across the various lines of business that drive to a common process and output result is displayed on key metrics dashboards driver of operational cadence within the division which includes managing/participating in quarterly business reviews oversee fiscal budgeting cycle and multi-year planning analysis partner with leadership to manage the divisional p l and partake in driving cost efficiencies. in fy14 this resulted in reducing the operating budget by 2m driving through cost efficiency program reducing waste and increasing productivity in several areas of the division nominated as high performer and awarded chairmans club for 2012 2014 results
__label__FINANCE finance manager/ operations manager finance manager/ operations manager career overview to obtain a full time position in management information systems with emphasis on business analysis where i can demonstrate excellent leadership business and team work skills to produce effective results. qualifications technical help desk experience strong analytical skills strong collaborative skills document management excellent problem solving skills strong communication skills customer needs assessment requirements analysis requirements gathering c++ java cics windows networks w-lan technical support switches bridges software development life cycle systems applications systems development systems implementation systems integration pc dos personal computers problem analysis and resolution process improvements product life cycle management product management product research project quality control qa quality and productivity improvement technical skills skills experience total years last used accomplishments it training successfully trained 25 employees to use new operating system. network security planned installed maintained and optimized documentation of all lan/wan/vpn network hardware and software security systems and communication links. managed all clients network lan/wan hardware including routers switches load balancers and wireless networking equipment. network support acted as first point of contact for all major technical issues including power outages system failures and disaster recovery. oversaw infrastructure of three offices and acted as support for help-desk technicians and
__label__ACCOUNTANT billing accountant summary detail-oriented billing accountant summary detail-oriented billing professional with 11+ years experience applying exceptional customer service and resolving complex billing issues. highlights self-starter problem resolution deadline-oriented microsoft office spreadsheet development employee training and development accomplishments research investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues. multitasking demonstrated proficiencies in telephone e-mail fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. reporting maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. data organization improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports financial spreadsheets organizational charts and data reports using advanced microsoft excel functions. experience 01/2011 to 01/2012 billing accountant cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed. computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions. generated sales and
__label__CONSULTANT it consultant career overview it consultant career overview director of information technology more than two decades of sound it leadership in areas including it strategy and security systems analysis architecting installation integration and streamlining software development and management network design administration and management technical support and help desk management and telecommunications management. proven business leadership skills in strategic planning consulting change management policy development team leadership and motivation training and development project management process improvement and procedure development. operationally astute with demonstrated abilities in new business development needs assessments proposal development presentations contract negotiations post-sales support and client relationship management. financially savvy with superior skills in budget planning and forecasting business forecasting financial reporting and traditional accounting functions including a/r a/p general ledger and payroll management. recent recipient of b.s. in information technology with a concentration in cyber security technology and completed case studies in current homeland security issues perimeter defense techniques systems analysis and development system modeling theory and project management. qualifications workforce planning scheduling contractor management team leadership motivation training development business partnering consulting vendor partnering management budgeting payroll management business startup growth technology implementations upgrades network architect administration network security website creation management router firewall configuration optimization custom database design custom
__label__CHEF training development specialist/hr summary training development specialist/hr summary seeking to obtain a position within human resource management where my acquired skills in employee engagement and training development will be challenged and acknowledged in a direction where i can be committed to personal professional and community growth. extensive experience in human resource management training development employment engagement temporary services and talent acquisition. with proven leadership abilities that includes professional interpersonal communication presentations and training. strong project management skills working cooperatively with cross functional groups demonstrating a commitment to team successes with a winning mentality. proficient user of microsoft suite hris and learning management data systems. experience training development specialist/hr 09/2013 to current responsible for organizational development. developed and managed programs career path apprenticeship program education reimbursement employee suggestion professional salaried development new hire orientation new hire luncheon and shares for cares. workforce development and human resource manager 08/2006 to 01/2012 developed recruitment relationships within the non-profit community delivered world-class customer service/client relations identified client needs and opportunities for success through established wfd program in kent co. ensure successful hire-in of the client through positive relationships employment training and coaching/counseling feedback. maintained dependable results with placement in non-profit community to commit to retention expectations of program.
__label__CHEF category brand manager summary category brand manager summary a creative marketing professional with 20 years demonstrated experience in project management marketing communications sales support strategy research and product development. multi-faceted background includes food manufacturing consumer packaged goods cpg furniture manufacturing and construction industry. an effective problem-solver with expertise in managing multiple projects that require both a creative and analytical skill set. category management data analytics document management p l management employee communication market analysis product launch cross-functional team leadership project management marketing support product management website management experience category brand manager jan 2016 achieved 17 annual sales growth in power tool accessory category and 4 margin improvement vs prior year due to implementation of new marketing merchandising pricing strategy and product training materials. package redesign project contributed to 24 performance increase vs. prior year in wal-mart an 11 increase in points of distribution vs. prior year and a projected 12 finish ahead of plan for fiscal 2012. grew baking/cooking nut category sales by 6 in a flat commodity business. grew facebook fans from 500 to 30 000 in a 6 month period. developed and launched three new trail mix snack items which brought incremental sales of 1 million in a 12 month period. achieved
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS events public relations leader events public relations leader summary i am an marketing specialist that creates and executes first class corporate and store events marketing plans and social media content to support stores sales objectives as well as s overall objectives. i am seeking a corporate event planning or marketing position. planned multiple events for new scheels stores including a number of pr events as well as formal events. major projects included social media development for our 26 stores and planning multiple expos and conferences. experience 12/2015 to current events public relations leader collaborate with marketing leaders to understand store s markets and put together the best event and marketing plans for each region. create an annual strategy of events that promote and align with stores goals and creates customer and store interactions. lead the development and execution of strategic events trade shows demos expos event sponsorships community involvement and conferences. develop and execute marketing plans for events and other store promotions. create event content for social media blogs in-store signage radio and other traditional media. act as my own project manager when creating marketing plans for events by facilitating communication between vendors agencies and internal teams to ensure marketing plans are following timelines
__label__CHEF chef owner executive profile chef owner executive profile a combination of specialized training and professional experience results in excellent qualifications as an executive chef sous chef and chef. highly skilled in a variety of cuisines including italian peruvian mexican and fusion. possess outstanding interpersonal communication and training skills. excel in creating quality cuisine within budgetary cost controls. flexible with the ability to achieve in both first-class fine dining and high volume operations. develop and motive a highly productive team. received professional training from five certified master skill highlights small business development leadership/communication skills product development business operations organization budgeting expertise negotiations expert employee relations self-motivated customer-oriented fluent in spanishcommunicates effectively event planning listening skills exceptional multi-tasker hospitality expertise core accomplishments reduced number of guest complaints by 80 percent. successfully managed a kitchen staff of 40+ employees during high volume dinner services for more than 500 diners each night.expanded menu items line to includeincreased sales by 50 by rolling out a revamped social media marketing initiative. which nearly doubled sales in one year. professional experience 01/2010 - 09/2012 chef owner management of all financial and personnel records. recruit interview and train staff while ensuring health and safety standards. development of marketing strategy responsible for doubling
__label__HEALTHCARE facility manager summary operations facility manager summary operations maintenance procurement security safety experience facility manager 01/2013 to 01/2017 led a staff of over 100 paid and volunteer based teams to maintain and operate a 50k square foot facility situated on an 8 acre lot. recruited trained and maintained volunteer and paid teams in areas of facilities operations security and retail. nominated evaluated and monitored contractors for effective cost control assisted in the procurement of equipment and materials to rehabilitate mechanical equipment/systems central heating and cooling electrical power system enhancement achieved savings through effective planning and organizing while maintaining awareness of budget/constraints. assisted the project manager in the oversight of all construction and renovation projects implemented a maintenance work order system to optimize the maintenance and custodial duties. organized and approved all setup and rental event activities. assisted in troubleshooting maintaining and installing audio and video equipment security and retail implemented a 25+ member volunteer security team planned and led the installation of a 32 and 16 channel cctv camera system. assisted in the planning construction and procurement of a new of the art cafe. planned and implemented a cafe menu and pos system. led organized and trained staff and managers to run the operation
__label__FINANCE finance director summary remarkably finance director summary remarkably astute and analytical professional with over 12 years of hands-on experience in diverse accounting and finance management human resources facilities administration and policy interpretation and implementation. versatile with excellent ability to work independently or as part of a team. highly skilled in financial and accounting analyses combined with strong organizational communication and leadership abilities. experience 01/2012 to 06/2016 finance director administer 137 million in federal funding to over 15k low income families in miami dade county create monthly executive reporting package identifying key drivers metrics of forecasted performance against budget prior forecasts. participates with senior management to establish economic objectives policies for the oversees internal external regulatory audit processes direct the development implementation of the corporate annual operating plan monthly forecasts initiatives accounting and tax develop assess and maintain and update as appropriate general accounting systems policies and procedures to ensure that proper information is reported in accordance with irs and us gaap. liaison with external auditors develop and support financial reporting internal controls responsible for the submission of accurate and timely data for financial reporting purposes to senior management and headquarters. responsible for the treasury of north american companies including cash planning and reporting to
__label__HEALTHCARE practice manager education and practice manager education and training certificate of completion health information technology - coding certificate program rowan college of burlington county ma administrative management/public administration administrative management/public administration ba social science/political science bowie university clarion university of pennsylvania social science/political science skill highlights professional summary strategic healthcare professional with over 10 years in operations leadership medical practice management hospital administration behavioral health and medicare services core qualifications patient centered quality home population health management medicare and medicaid services regulatory compliance performance and quality improvement electronic health records reimbursement methodologies icd-10-cm icd-10-pcs hcpcs cpt-4 medical terminology anatomy and physiology accountable care organization revenue cycle meaningful use health disability and life insurance physician quality reporting system microsoft office suite lawson idx epic nextgen docutap virtual physician assistant vpa business objects navinet medview sam statt press ganey hyperion infoview patient safety net sharepoint. professional affiliations american health information management association ahima 2014-current american society for quality asq 2013-current american college of health care executives ache 2006-current. 2 amoge omeronye professional experience practice manager january 2016 to current manage administrative operations in a patient centered medical home practice pcmh model for quality and safety accessible services coordinated and comprehensive care. complete and comply with different
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS communications consultant summary client-focused communications consultant summary client-focused communications professional with nearly 10 years of internal communications marketing and public relations experience. committed to producing results that deliver a unique blend of creativeness strategy and influence to advance goals. technical skills advising c-level executives effectively working in a large complex organization with multiple entities nonprofit and public relations agency experience experience in adobe indesign creative software and wordpress experience communications consultant 08/2017 to current serves as an advisor strategist and writer for senior physician executives including the chief quality officer. authors and leads annual communication strategies designed to motivate engage and inform employees and key organizational stakeholders. develops internal send-all emails reaching more than 200 000 kaiser permanente employees. supports senior executives in high-profile speaking engagements including kaiser permanente s tedx talks 10 000 livestream participants institute for healthcare improvement national forum 5 500 attendees and kaiser permanente s national quality conference 1 000+ attendees . built a communications function for the organization s research and development division which included establishing an intranet page newsletter monthly stand up meetings quarterly all hands meetings and roadshows to engage employees and key regional stakeholders. serves as the national program leader in marketing strategy designed to showcase
__label__ACCOUNTANT supervisor accountant professional summary supervisor accountant professional summary ability to work in a fast paced deadline driven environment independently or as a team. core qualifications microsoft office advanced excel powerpoint ms access atlas windows 95 - xp harvard graphics quickbooks ngs systems net global solutions systems people soft sap quicken nanovision 2-tier phoenix e1 and business objects. experience supervisor accountant july 2015 to current performed financial reporting activities for the ichthys project. specific responsibilities included the following financial reporting including variance analysis of p l s and balance sheet. project accounting including billing and month end closeout for assigned projects. sarbanes oxley compliance/fcpa - quarterly testing of internal controls. responsible for preparing budgeting and forecasting. account reconciliations and analysis of balance sheet accounts. monitoring of project accounts receivables unbilled unearned and financial performance. responsible for preparing backlog roll forward for ichthys. prepare powerpoint presentations charts and graphs. attend monthly and quarter psr/pfsr meeting. performance of ad-hoc request and special projects as required. lead accountant july 2008 to july 2015 performed financial reporting activities within the government infrastructure and minerals product line. specific responsibilities included the following financial reporting including variance analysis of p l s and balance sheet. project accounting including billing and month
__label__APPAREL apparel sales associate/cashier summary apparel sales associate/cashier summary administrative professional offering excellent communication and computer skills. meets deadlines and works with a high level of multicultural awareness and adaptability. enthusiastic and well-organized administrative assistant with solid background in data entry schedule management and event planning. disciplined warehouse professional knowledgeable about material load capabilities site analysis and general logistics. friendly and reliable customer service professional skilled in achieving sales targets in high-end merchandise environments. skills excellent planner and coordinator microsoft excel certified works well under pressure conference planning pleasant demeanor multi-line phone proficiency appointment setting invoice processing microsoft word team building microsoft visio atlas microsoft powerpoint adobe x pro smartplant materials mmis system 1 2 microsoft outlook phoenix deadline-driven osha standards experience 10/2017 to 12/2017 apparel sales associate/cashier greeted customers in a timely fashion while quickly determining their needs. recommended merchandise to customers based on their needs and preferences. maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices. responded to customer questions and requests in a prompt and efficient manner. engaged with customers in a sincere and friendly manner. contacted other store locations to determine merchandise availability. prioritized helping customers over completing other routine tasks in the store. contributed
__label__FITNESS certified master personal trainer certified master personal trainer professional summary seasoned health and fitness professional who provides personalized fitness and wellness programs to people of all ages and skill levels. a nationally certified master personal trainer using holistic mind and body philosophies to assist clients in reaching and maintaining fitness goals. core qualifications microsoft word excel and adobe strong organizational skills photoshop effective in a team environment experience certified master personal trainer 06/2013 to current work with clients to improve their overall function endurance strength flexibility and balance. monitor and teach proper execution and form of exercises. maintain detailed personal training records and update progress after each session. create personal training programs that address specific injuries or health problems to meet individual fitness needs. conduct off-site seminars and workshops to generate new business. fitness director - certified personal trainer 06/2008 to 06/2013 measured client s overall fitness by completing comprehensive evaluations and physician clearances. scheduled and conducted fitness orientation appointments with new members. managed the personal trainer schedule and conducted trainer evaluations. responsible for new hire interviews and sales training. reviewed weekly sales numbers and club statistics to identify areas for improvement. organized off-site workshops and marketing events to generate new business. successfully sold
__label__TEACHER teacher summary energetic with teacher summary energetic with years experience in high-level executive support roles. organized and professional. dedicated and focused employee and manager who excels at prioritizing completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. adept at managing multiple projects with ease using expert time management methods. highlights microsoft office proficiency excel spreadsheets meticulous attention to detail quickbooks expert schedule management self-directed advanced ms office suite knowledge resourceful self-starter articulate and well-spoken flexible accomplishments lesson planning introduced new learning methods to ensure total comprehension for all students. material development created lesson plans targeting differentiated learners to create an engaging educational experience. team building and leadership created collaborative classroom experience through student-centered activities. plan development planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction demonstration and work time that provided students with opportunities to observe question and investigate. education strategies employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of sensory/perceptual-motor skills language cognition and memory. goal setting established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students achieving a total understanding of grading rubric and overall class expectations. technology integration increased student participation and test scores by introducing relevant computer programs and exercises to encourage student
__label__HEALTHCARE health information specialist summary health information specialist summary highly efficient detail oriented him specialist with extensive experience in all types of request relating to release of information and medical record management. dedicated professional skilled in technical and clerical support with strong ability to clearly and professionally communicate with providers patients attorneys and insurance companies. over 10 years health information experience. skill profile enhanced knowledge of hipaa and hitech compliance and federal laws governing release of protected health information in both paper and electronic form. technologically advanced in utilizing release of information database with advanced proficiency in various emr database such as epic meditech medilink centricity docuware 3m encoder and medisoft various ms applications. reliable analyst to ensuring medical record readiness and completeness through management of icr feature and audit. solid leadership in customer service excellent interpersonal relations and problem solving and can effectively coordinate amongst diverse range of clients hence promoting optimal outcome. experience january 2016 to current health information specialist process release of protected health information to other health care facilities and providers for continuation of care insurance carriers attorneys dds copy service organizations employers educational institutions as well as for patient s personal use in accordance with federal and law as well
__label__APPAREL rachel guardado summary polished rachel guardado summary polished and professional team member skilled at counting money processing payments and building relationships with patrons. effectively meet front-end needs with skilled merchandising customer support and register management. proficient in processing purchases and returns with high accuracy and diligent attention to important details. sales expert promotes products and plans to boost store profits. hardworking warehouse associate with excellent materials handling storage management and shipment preparation skills. experienced in picking orders assembling pallets and preparing containers. delivers accurate inventory counts and maintains detailed warehouse records. dedicated customer service specialist providing skills to prioritize and multi-task in fast-paced working environment. successfully works as part of team to reach personal and business goals. known for successfully handling escalated customer support issues. skills credit and cash transactions issue resolution scanner operations cash register operation customer assistance staff mentoring cash counting machine operations product location skills heavy lifting warehouse operations weighing and measuring tagging expertise automatic packing equipment microsoft office leadership front of house organization event planning reservations customer service check payment processing service prioritization experience warehouse picker / may 2021 to current prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels and executing shipment documents to facilitate delivery to proper customers.
__label__HEALTHCARE field based nurse chart field based nurse chart reviewer - healthcare informatics professional summary seventeen years of nursing experience from multiple different facilities and hospitals diverse background in nursing as a registered nurse. registered nurse manager experience field based nurse chart reviewer - healthcare informatics july 2010 to current founder ceo director of nursing and business operations provide high quality nursing care to individual and corporate clients by integrating evidence-based practices for best nursing care. group addresses several specialized areas of best nursing practices. services include electronic medical record implementation and support workflow system analysis and redesign behavioral nurse consultant services staffing nurse consultant services education nurse consultant services leadership nurse consultant services quality assurance nurse consultant services safety consultants healthcare advocate consultant services legal nurse consultant services servicing managed medicare contracts. services include oversaw the skilled nursing and short-term rehab unit. clinical resource and coordinator for all services provided to the residents oversaw supervisor level support staff for the nurses and our certified nursing assistants. provided a nursing contribution to the multi-disciplinary team meetings and family meetings. assisted in the assessment process to develop individual care plans for patients ensuring information around all aspects of their physical psychological social spiritual needs are covered.
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY staff pharmacist summary patient staff pharmacist summary patient and professional excellence oriented pharmacist with doctor of pharmacy and master in science degrees. nine years of retail experience providing outstanding pharmacy services in a high-volume setting. strong background in science and clinical pharmacology and excellent interpersonal skills with a track record of establishing positive relationships with customers co-workers medical professionals and insurance providers. enthusiastic about acquiring new clinical knowledge and experience in a hospital setting. committed to providing highest quality pharmaceutical services and personal patient care as an essential link in disease management. dedicated to deliver peak performance as well as fast and accurate medication dispensing. capable and able to demonstrate versatility in adapting to every-increasing complexity in the healthcare industry. highlights strong diverse science background strong academic skills strong decision-making ability prescription dispensing and compounding drug interaction assessment clinical interventions product safety and quality assurance exceptional patient care proficient with software word excel powerpoint access ability to identify and solve potential problem high personal and professional ethics creative cognitive skills pharmaceutical research and data analysis efficient and accurate exceptional attention to details excellent telephone etiquette ability to listen and communicate in a articulate manner high level of organizational and personal skills customer and coworker
__label__CHEF store chef executive profile store chef executive profile restaurant professional executive chef /sous chef /chef manager position proponent leader in healthy cuisine and passionate food - service. star 4 diamond resorts hotels spa country club customer service / team educator / multi - unit manager. skill highlights leadership/communication skills budgeting expertise employee relations human resources new product delivery negotiations expert core accomplishments dining clients kroger s supermarket nutritional menu development and recipe analysis for improved health results for long-term stay guests developed chef training programs teaching healthy cooking techniques health-promoting ingredient selection and how to build the foundations of a healthy lifestyle 1 of 7 image options. professional experience april 2014 to current store chef duties including menu development one on one consultation with customer designing menus as well as work scheduling complete budget for bistro food outlet. on and off campus catering. successful menu development and execution for clientele resulting in 20 business increase over 6 month prior emphasis on - light fare highlighting locally grown ingredients and regional flavors. implement staff training program including task competency indexing for increased labor efficiency flavor development cooking techniques and food presentation concepts. inventory handling management and rotation in accordance with haccp food cost controls and
__label__BANKING financial consultant summary a financial consultant summary a challenging opportunity that will allow me to contribute and develop as a successful business partner leveraging my leadership analytical and relationship building experiences. experience 01/2010 to current financial consultant key point of contact and fp a responsibility for seven diverse and rapidly growing lines of business within corporate banking. full balance sheet and p l forecasting responsibilities on both balanced balance sheet and mmcof levels. business-level and roll-up analysis around customer-level and industry drivers roll-on/roll-off analysis an extensive cross-sell portfolio and loan/deposit pricing. plan/budget coordination presentations and proposals to lob and finance leadership. ongoing negotiation around performance improvement/efficiencies and expected growth. automation of daily balance sheet reporting plan templates dynamic balance sheet/ p l/reconciliation tools vba macros sql . contribution to bi-annual stress testing efforts/coordination. training of co-workers/business partners on balanced balance sheet and mmcof methodologies. point of contact for key aspects of the canadian initiative helping to coordinate between domestic business groups and international partners. 01/2008 to 01/2010 financial consultant responsible for full balance sheet income statement analysis/forecasting/management reporting for private banking line of business consisting of a 43 billion deposit and 34 billion loan portfolio. key national business contact for regional and central management
__label__APPAREL product marketing manager professional product marketing manager professional summary seasoned omni-channel professional skilled at collaborating with multiple stakeholders to determine audience interest and develop strategic go-to-market plans that align with the s business priorities and initiatives. core qualifications excellent communicator problem solver highly organized influential leader metrics savvy high productivity collaborative team player experience 03/2016 to current product marketing manager responsible for the execution of new product development and marketing strategies within outdoor and golf categories via global and domestic sourcing partners. conduct market research through market competitive analysis customers needs and trends to identify product gaps and sales opportunities. implement marketing plans including product positioning marketing strategies and market strategy insights. conduct financial calculations to maintain products profitability and analyze financial reports for the support of strategic recommendations. execute copy and images to be included in marketing collateral and briefs the creative team on jobs and photography direction of products. develop marketing tactics including annual printed catalog e-blasts direct mail digital marketing press releases and social media. implement continent level catalog and promotional pricing strategy analyzing competitive offerings and protecting profitability. create presentations for internal and external communication. work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to execute recommended solutions that improve the overall category success.
__label__TEACHER math teacher math intervention math teacher math intervention teacher summary seeking an academic advisor position lifelong learner who continually strives to understand and implement best practices strong proponent of ongoing professional development and training. experienced with extensive knowledge of regulatory standards and frameworks planning instruction instructional strategies behavior management techniques and structuring positive and engaging environments that maximize performance. proven ability to work well with diverse populations within the corporate and educational setting. contributes to the success of by managing relationships with internal/external customers vendors and suppliers. key characteristics attributes and values integrity hard worker reliable honest diligent thorough collaborative and approachable. experience math teacher math intervention teacher 02/2008 to 08/2014 serve as an instructional leader accountable for managing inclusive classes comprised of 22-27 students of varying learning levels and capabilities. challenged to deliver highly engaging lessons accommodate different learning styles and elevate the performance levels of students. strategically incorporates extensive business skills honed over the years to efficiently and effectively manage the classroom develop lessons plans and assess student performance. combines traditional teaching approaches with modern techniques and tools. guides students through the learning process with clear statements about the purpose for learning the new skill clear explanations and demonstrations of the instructional
__label__CONSULTANT consultant qualifications i am consultant qualifications i am a senior it infrastructure specialist and have 7 years of oem administration and 6 years of dba administration. i have masters in computer applications mca and a seasoned technical specialist providing business infrastructure solutions services and support according to defined processes. with an overall experience spanning 12 years and having worked for oracle for a period of 11 years i have a tremendous track record in it support area for multiple products and applications with a great level of consistency and excellence. my expertise includes his expertise includes project management oracle enterprise manager implementation specialist weblogic server administration incident management database administration oracle cloud operations people management itil service management operations management change management aws process capability technical support for 24x7 systems technical skills skills experience total years last used operating system linux hp-unix solaris windows 9 12 2016 work experience july 2016 consultant collaborate with clients customers to ensure successful implementations which includes. implement oem 12c setup apply bp plugins performance monitoring notification set up. install/upgrade/patch oracle database performance tuning. install/upgrade/patch oracle weblogic servers deploy applications. december 2014 to june 2016 manager managed a team for enterprise manager cloud control cloudem12c for oracle public cloud
__label__CHEF senior sous chef summary senior sous chef summary chef with nine years of culinary experience and eleven total years of hotel experience. skilled in leading and raised banquet quality of food at the renaissance grand in st.louis 39 points in a 6 month period executed planned events such as nola goes pink essence fest and also new orleans food and wine festival motivating a team and consistently meeting my gss quality of food goals. highlights trained in sous vide cooking menu development talent development atlas experience working carpedia modernist cooking knowledge accomplishments 2014 silver medal winner in new orleans wine and food experience raised the aes from a 50 previous leadership to an 82 at the new orleans marriott manager of the quarter nominee fourth quarter 2014 cooked for marriott board of governors improved the food quality of food score 6 points at the jw marriott pilot hotel for chef s market/ fresh bites experience 04/2016 to current senior sous chef oversee three different outlets improved restaurant quality of food by 6 points in 2 years developed menus for breakfast lunch and dinner achieved 87 for associate engagement survey during my leadership worked extremely close with carpedia consulting firm currently managing 3 managers and
__label__CONSULTANT staff consultant summary experienced staff consultant summary experienced professional with project management skills and experience in marketing supply and financial performance reporting. experience also includes analyzing data/problems and communicating findings or solutions. oil and gas and consulting industry experience. praised by management for always keeping a positive attitude and meeting deadlines. originally from oklahoma and looking to move back if offered the position being discussed. skills project management financial planning reporting and performance client relations hr/payroll systems business analysis and research microsoft powerpoint word and excel experience staff consultant 09/2016 to 09/2017 provided project management expertise to clients during engagements as well as project and financial reporting. analyzed project performance and communicated updates to key players. performed extensive research to best fit client needs. provided project management support for the implementation of a new shared services center for a logistics client resulting in the client s employees were able to more efficiently access and complete hr requests. assisted in the development of a multiple location labor market study for an oil and gas industry client. provided the client with pros and cons of opening new business in various locations which allowed the client to make the best location decision. supported a payroll implementation for
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS marketing coordinator skills advertisements marketing coordinator skills advertisements approach content customer service databases direct mail direction editing email graphic managing marketing strategies marketing marketing collateral materials newsletter online marketing press releases production manager research sales script stories video website articles experience 01/2016 to current marketing coordinator campaigns. created the hashtag #cprstrong used on social media to promote awareness of healthstream s 3 millionth heartcode bls completion. designed script and production direction for talent management s video accelerate development. formed copy for direct mail pieces and email campaigns for healthstream s first account-based marketing campaign. proficient at developing and delivering external communications promoting awareness to customers about new products and upcoming events. increase product visibility to new and existing markets by authoring copy and providing design direction for digital marketing strategies. manage the creation of print and online marketing and sales collateral overseeing the approval process and ensuring content meets brand standards. generated a record high of 340+ registrants for a 15-minute product demo by modifying tone of voice and visuals used in online advertisements. efficient with pardot and salesforce for managing account databases. oversee website updates by editing and ensuring clarity and visual appeal. collaborate with production manager graphic designers and vendors to ensure
__label__HEALTHCARE occupational health nurse coordinator occupational health nurse coordinator professional summary dedicated rn with over 20 years experience in nursing seeking career transition into a new clinical setting. able to offer a solid foundation in occupational health office management triage endoscopy homecare primary patient care and current healthcare advancements. highly motivated dedicated flexible and compassionate with proven expertise in communication organization and documentation skills. valuable interpersonal skills forging relationships and collaborating with interdisciplinary teams to develop outstanding care/support and to facilitate a friendly and caring environment. dependable responsible and autonomous able to work independently or within a group. core qualifications skill home patient management patient assessment homecare/hospice care communication documentation healthcare education jcaho standards / compliance relations homecare skills/oasis quality assurance / quality control records maintenance good last used/experience expert currently used/22 years expert currently used/ 22 years expert currently used/22 years expert currently used/19 years expert currently used/22 years expert currently used/19 years expert currently used/22 years expert currently used/22 years experience occupational health nurse coordinator september 2011 to may 2012 to provide comprehensive occupational and environmental health services including but not limited to occupational medicine industrial hygiene industrial safety and administrative tasks. assessment of all injuries or illness first aid cpr and emergency
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary currently looking accountant summary currently looking for long term/permanent/contract opportunity financial statement management reporting cost accounting asset management budgeting forecasting cash flow management payroll functions audit preparation inventory control career summury a competent efficient and highly motivated professional with hands on experienced in the fields of finance and connected department. over 8 years experience 5 years in qatar in a multi-cultural environment. successful back ground in trading contracting and service companies accounts and able to produce many reports for the project purpose. my professional capacity included finalization of accounts and preparation of various reports for accounting purpose managerial decisions. dedicated and complete multiple tasks follow through to achieve project goals and excellent knowledge to accounting software/computer programs. successfully completed diploma in manual and computer accounting packages from shreeshankaracharya kerala india. excellent knowledge in tally erp peachtree daceasy. working knowledge in delta software doha qatar proficiency in microsoft office experience accountant 01/2009 to 05/2012 positive trading and contracting is mep contractors generally undertake design supply installation and maintenance of all electromechanical works and trading. as an accountant i was directly reporting to cheif accountant of the company. primarily responsible for balance sheet account reconciliations including accounts payable and accounts receivable and complete allocations
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology coordinator career information technology coordinator career overview avp / director of information technology i network engineer with extensive experience. strengths - excellent communication skills strong problem solving skills. sound work ethic capable of working independently or in a team environment. highly professional with the ability to set and maintain priorities. qualifications certifications and certificates microsoft certified professional comp-ta a+ certified microsoft sol 2000 design and administration microsoft access i. ii. iii navision report writer i ii web design software i hardware knowledge operating systems installation support of microsoft windows up to and including windows 8.1 sever systems installation support of microsoft server up to and including server 2012 sco unix microsoft active directory database software installation support of microsoft sql up to and including sql 2012. highly proficient with microsoft access and sybase databases erp software omd and installation support of microsoft navision up to and including nav2013 r2 office suites microsoft office 97 - 2013 email programs microsoft exchange ipswicth imail content management platform webgui and magento familiarity with a wide variety of cisco and fortinet firewalls. 3comm netgear hp and cisco routers and switches expert knowledge of a variety of smartphone operating systems including windows mobile blackberry android and ios
__label__HR hr representative summary experienced hr representative summary experienced human resources professional with working knowledge of and federal employment laws and regulations dedicated to improving employee satisfaction management-employee relations and working conditions through commitment communication confidentiality and a sense of urgency. looking for a to share my skills and knowledge with where i can grow as a hr professional. skills on-boarding staffing and recruiting professional payroll entry accomplishments managed human resources department for four months. developed monthly employee newsletter. experience 11/2016 to current hr representative designed new communication boards for each value stream working on special projects recruiting for maintenance and interns training administrative assistant. 06/2013 to 09/2016 human resources supervisor/ staffing coordinator human resource representative filled 11 maintenance positions ranging from mechanic to supervisor in 3 months. shut down a 100 employee manufacturing plant in 3 days and found 90 of those employees employment within the in 60 days. reopened a 30 employee manufacturing plant in 30 days. facilitated benefit open enrollment for 700 employees. supervised performance of direct reports conducting performance reviews and performing other supervisory duties such as coaching training and coordinating work assignments. recruited and hired qualified candidates following eeo and ada hiring guidelines for exempt and non-exempt positions utilizing available
__label__ARTS middle school principal executive middle school principal executive profile to obtain the job that continues to expand my administrative experience working with staff students and parents to develop a shared vision and leading school community in achieving those goals. i firmly believe that all children deserve to have every opportunity to learn in a positive supportive environment as well as have a multitude of opportunities to discover and explore areas of interest helping them to develop into a well-rounded individual who will succeed in the twenty-first century. i believe that true leaders exhibit habits of mind and model the expectations they have of their employees. i believe two critical components of successful leadership are positive relationships and transparency. skill highlights leadership/communication skills human resources employee relations self-motivated customer-oriented training and development team player organizational skills performance evaluations core accomplishments ms/hs language arts and psychology teacher at-risk program coordinator north central accreditation team building co-chairperson editor of the district s newsletter signal student council advisor odyssey of the mind coach cheerleading coach ms track coach curricula assessment and data management experience and training training in current laws and regulations for public and special education. trainings in current laws and regulations on evaluation teachers tenure act
__label__HR hr manager skill highlights hr manager skill highlights hr skills hr department startup three new organization startups employment law fmla/ada/eeo/wc mediation advocacy hr policies procedures staff recruitment retention salary negotiations employee relations benefits administration unemployment administration worker s compensation administration orientation on-boarding hris technologies training development performance management organizational development hr program/project management hris applications lawson paychex kronos adp ms office word excel powerpoint publisher access visio outlook professional experience hr manager jan 2015 to current manage the human resource function for e-cycle s corporate office as well as their fulfillment and data center consisting of benefits and compensation administration payroll employee relations policy compliance and recruitment. key results foster an associate-oriented culture that emphasizes continuous improvement team- work high performance and quality. ensure organizational conformation with applicable hr related regulations and statutes as well as organizational procedures and policies. implement hr programs and policies as needed by the organization. identify evaluate and resolve human relations employee morale work performance and organizational productivity concerns. develop staffing strategies and implement programs and plans to identify and cultivate effective and appropriate sources for employees at all job levels. create or assist in the creation of associate training and organizational development programs. develop and manage the annual
__label__CHEF project manager and photographer project manager and photographer summary executive assistant who is skilled at multi-tasking and maintaining a strong attention to detail. employs professionalism and superior communication skills to meet client and needs.highly focused and results-oriented office professional who successfully supports complex deadline-driven operations. customer-oriented and computer-savvy. highlights microsoft office proficiency articulate and well-spoken flexible social media knowledge appointment setting customer service-oriented mail management meeting planning executive presentation development business correspondence scheduling excel spreadsheets professional and mature strong problem solver works well under pressure administrative support specialist self-starter skilled and talented photographer. types 50+ words per minute accomplishments customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs quickly gaining trust approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. administration performed administration tasks such as filing developing spreadsheets faxing reports photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. reporting maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects. training successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. experience april 2007 to january 2016 project manager and photographer 7.7 years . professionally trained through the military. over 15+ years of experience with digital photography. project manager and freelance photographer.
__label__SALES sales summary enthusiastic reliable sales summary enthusiastic reliable and well organized office assistant with solid background in data entry communication telephone and customer service skills. ability to manage daily office functions with a strength in managing multiple projects simultaneously. highlights professional mature attitude and appearance professional phone etiquette excellent communication skills effective time management organization and multi- tasking skills quick to learn dependable ability to work independently and collaboratively customer service-oriented detail oriented ability to work under pressure and meet strict deadlines multi-line phone proficiency filing and data archiving data entry familiarity with microsoft office word excel powerpoint outlook and quickbooks work experience sales feb 2008 to jun 2014 in this small family owned business there are a lot of hats to be worn. and with just 4 employees to run this store a store manager two salespeople and our jeweler this is not just a sales job. i provided courteous and prompt service by greeting welcoming customers assisting them in locating what they re looking for and provided excellent after sales service by sending out thank you letters birthday anniversary reminders and follow up calls to check in and see how everything is going with their purchases. i keep the behind the scenes
__label__CHEF executive sous chef summary executive sous chef summary dynamic resourceful and skilled executive head chef with 25 years of success in fine dining casual dining and catering. skills staff development and training inventory control servsafe certified operations management follows propers sop s of all organizations focused and disciplined cross-functional team management high volume production capability well-tuned palette supervision and training focus on portion and cost control bilingual english/spanish featured in the carroll county times core accomplishments successfully managed two kitchen staffs of 40 employees during high volume dinner services for more than 250 diners each night. experience executive sous chef dec 2016 to current taste all prepared dishes and observed color texture and garnishes. adhere to staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. implemented and support companies sops. effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets catered events and member dining areas. consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal and local sanitation and safety requirements. followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food production. ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory purchasing and receiving. followed proper food handling methods and maintained
__label__FINANCE finance manager summary efficient finance manager summary efficient dedicated hard-working financial manager skilled at consistently meeting strict deadlines paying high attention to detail and effectiveness when reporting to senior management. extensive experience in budgeting forecasting strategic planning and analysis. experience march 2003 to current finance manager serving as a business and financial advisor to a portfolio of ten trade show teams by working closely with senior management industry vice presidents and sales directors as well as the operations registration marketing and conference departments prepare detailed show budgets monthly financial forecasts strategic plan projections and financial analysis of the p l s for ten trade shows. manage these tasks effectively to complete on a timely basis and within strict deadlines analyze show revenue and expenses versus budget/forecast and provide analysis on variances. review general ledger accounts prepare journal entries and support schedules as needed to discuss findings with show management perform due diligence for potential business acquisitions and then prepare and present the financial models to senior management assist show management with decisions relating to exhibit space advertising and media product pricing as well as customer package creation and pricing review and approve all purchase orders vendor invoices and expense reports relating to shows and
__label__ADVOCATE organizer and capacity building organizer and capacity building strategist experience organizer and capacity building strategist 01/2011 civil rights and disability advocate advocate for people with disabilities with school regional centers and agencies conduct case review of client issues research and agency violations develop strategy and provide technical assistance for clients to obtain positive outcome attend ipp iep and mediations with clients as advocate keep case file summary and all necessary documents for referral to attorney if necessary convened nclr member organizations to develop statewide action strategies. developed advocacy materials and organize actions and campaigns provided training and technical assistance coordination organizations advance policy. special education advocate 01/2009 to 01/2011 researched client issues and manage legal correspondence. completed outreach and training on disability and special education rights. wrote media releases for organization events and training. strategized positive outcomes with attorneys and staff. community organizer/founder 01/2000 to 01/2011 wrote grant proposals business plans and press releases presented strategic plan and goals to a variety of audiences organized constituents around special education environmental and health issues collaborated with 85+ local community leaders and organizations designed and taught advocacy skills training program to over 300 parents annually secured over 100k in funding for parent advocacy training programs. community
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY senior vp - information senior vp - information technology executive profile core skills demonstrates ability to be a strong leader in a fast paced environment with strong interpersonal skills both written and oral and a positive attitude toward sharing expertise and assisting others to learn. exceptional ability to manage a group of individuals and coordinate and distribute daily tasks and unexpected issues that may arise an organized detail-oriented and conscientious self-starter able to strategize and prioritize effectively to accomplish multiple tasks and stay calm under pressure creative resourceful and flexible able to adapt to changing priorities and maintain a positive attitude and strong work ethic skill highlights expertise technology optimization budgeting operational cost team-building training leadership goal-setting business planning policy procedure creation conflict resolution management productivity efficiency performance improvements it security project management vendor relations data center operations operating systems windows 7 xp server 2013 2008 2003 microsoft active directory sharepoint exchange server 2003 2007 2013 vm ware trend micro cisco infrastructure routers and switches palo alto emc storage solutions data center management market data trading systems open bloomberg and server api factset fidessa tethys lava lek ice tradeware reuters eikon thomson one reuters station instinet nasdaq trader advent professional experience senior vp -
__label__CONSTRUCTION assistant manager/ sales and assistant manager/ sales and relocation specialist summary i have been working professionally in the field of multi-family housing communities for over two years. my day to day duties are in sales and relocation assistance taking tours helping with resident and client issues many administrative and office tasks and processing of monies following up with leads scheduling vendors for maintenance issues ordering supplies data collection and weekly reports for our owners and appointment setting. i learn and adapt easily work well with others and am efficient and accurate in my work. i received my b.s. in appropriate technology from appalachian university in 2012 and am currently completing a second degree part time online a b.s.b.e. in information technology with east carolina university. experience assistant manager/ sales and relocation specialist jun 2014 to current leasing apartments at two multifamily apartment communities the popular south park and third ward neighborhoods of charlotte. leasing sales of apartment homes helping current residents with all issues and concerns. assisting maintenance with scheduling service requests and being a buffer between maintenance and residents following up with residents on service requests. walking the model and tour path clubhouse business and fitness centers and setting out refreshments at the
__label__FITNESS fitness director highlights skills fitness director highlights skills used teamwork leadership ocean saftey knowledge customer service/hospitality basic japanese speaking greetings customs diamond jeweler / executive protection jason park diamond - honolulu hi - july 2014 to october 2014 responsibilities sales of various exquisite diamonds rare gemstones sunrise shells and royal hawaiian jewelry from the historic iolani palace provide personal security during transportation of diamonds gemstones and or cash deposits. accomplishments assisted in the start up and grand opening of jason park diamond jeweler for the iolani palace in honolulu hawaii. skills used knowledge of characteristics associated with pricing diamonds rare gemstones sunrise shells. tactics and techniques for executive protection and transportation of high value items. executive assistant to ceo / ambassador of pearl harbor discover hawaii tours - honolulu hi - july 2012 to april 2014 responsibilities schedule business meetings times and locations and coordinate travel arrangements for 1-7 personel assist with daily operations of and monitor employee production and operations. key player in development of waikiki welcome center economic tour trolley which provides transportation to and from local events while providing visual advertising for discover hawaii tours. maintenance manager for 108 tour buses on islands of hawaii maui oahu and kaui. responsible for
__label__FINANCE finance director summary seasoned finance director summary seasoned professional accountant with extensive experience in financial accounting in both private and public sector entities. recruited to multiple positions to restructure/reorganize/revitalize non-performing teams. skills accounting general accounting acquisitions budgeting controller cost analysis and analytical reporting credit facilities management finance financial reporting forecasting governmental accounting human resource inventory leadership negotiations processes sarbanes-oxley experience 02/2012 to current finance director responsible for accounting finance functions including management of it outsourcing vendor for 20 million government entity. moved it function to outsourced vendor vs. full-time employee saving 34 000 in salary plus benefits and pension costs. developed monthly financial reporting to all department heads elected officials budgeting processing account reconciliations. compile audit workpapers and manage audit process with external audit firm. audit adjustments reduced from historic trend of 100 adjustments to 3 in audit most recently completed fy 16. support county negotiations committee in union negotiations for fop and afscme contracts with cost analysis and competitive salary and benefit information. analyzed pension plans and educated county board on interest cost of eco plan. as a result board increased pension levy pension and plan funding increased from 80 to 93 53 to 85 and 0 to 94 during this period. interest
__label__HEALTHCARE supervisor summary accomplished results supervisor summary accomplished results oriented leader with marketing and customer service experience. exceptional organization time management and multi-tasking abilities with an mba- management/finance. skills complaint handling and resolution self-motivated in-depth knowledge of markets and relationships complex problem solver skilled negotiator self-motivated accomplishments qualified for number quarterly sales bonuses by exceeding sales target by number . leadership research implementation assisted in implementation of new tracking system that resulted in improved patient care. conducted research which led to the development of program . served as key contributing member to leadership team. experience july 2015 to current supervisor responsible for the daily oversight operations of the call center monitoring average call handle time acht telephone service factor tsf and adherence to schedules. supervise bargaining unit employees in joint efforts with the uaw union. manage walk- in staff and their schedules to service incoming customers. assist in the assessment development implementation and ongoing reporting of operational improvements as they relate to customer service metrics and process improvements of the call center. reduced my team average call handle and wrap time metrics by 200 seconds. 30 reduction . participate in meetings with the account receivable department to improve members payment efficiencies and best practice implementation.
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction worker summary a construction worker summary a motivated hard working individual that is willing to learn and accomplish any task that is giving to me i ve always been dependable and reliable. motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly and efficiently. experienced construction laborer knowledgeable about the tools materials and methods used in road construction. highlights demolition asphalt excellent driving record strong communication skills osha certified construction workers union local 265 accomplishments residential construction sandbagging traffic control laying the liner. accomplishments lead a crew of 6 general construction laborers workers for a year. experience construction worker march 2012 to october 2014 planted plants in the ground at the cincinnati parks cleaned the parks. construction worker march 2008 to march 2012 flagged traffic and set traffic control. construction worker august 2005 to february 2008 general cleaning the college dorms out for the year. helping the foreman out when he needed me to assist him with the ceiling tile. construction worker/ painter june 2005 to current painting cleaning up some remolding houses and apartment s. skills painting education high school diploma 1 1985 west fulton high school united states drexel j.
__label__FITNESS mechanical design engineer intern mechanical design engineer intern summary over 2 years of combined professional and educational experience in 3d modelling and product design 1 year of hands-on experience in fea stress analysis numerical modelling and static / dynamic analysis certified in product design / analysis engineering mechanics and octg researched in the fields of cfd and design of heat transfer mechanisms internship experience as maintenance engineer well rounded professional with a passion to innovate and improve performance / quality highlights 3d modelling product design statistical analysis design of experiments stress analysis structural analysis - trusses frames finite element analysis fea heat transfer api dnv asme machining manufacturing software skills hands-on experience autocad autodesk inventor pro engineer creo microstation solidworks catia v5 matlab ansys pipesim orcaflex comsol pipesim microsoft office - excel access outlook powerpoint visio microsoft project working knowledge olga ptc windchill quality solutions plm simulink mathcad plc programming labview peoplesoft sap sql c python linux operating system windows xp windows 7 windows 8 mac os chrome os android ios bios accomplishments enhancement of condensation in a heat exchanger prototype. project scope - designed and fabricated a shell tube heat exchanger - proengineer pipeline simulation design and optimization of field production using flow
__label__FITNESS owner/operator summary high-performing executive owner/operator summary high-performing executive with in-depth knowledge of business operations at all levels. proficient in sales budgeting and customer relations. general manager of an elite gym. responsible for sales goals daily operations member retention hiring and developing staff. client-focused personal trainer for over 22 years with an emphasis in human development and performance. highlights sales new/existing - interpersonal and organizational skills leadership/communication skills - small business development client account management - commitment to quality and service profit center development core accomplishments business development successfully started and grew a functional training facility to gross revenues of 325 000 annually. developed into a general manager for leading fitness responsible for annual budget xxxm hired and managed health and fitness professionals for multiple facilities. marketed built and maintained personal clientele base. participated in community events and fundraisers. traveled and competed as a professional fitness and physique athlete. staff development educated new hires on sales budgets fitness assessment program design and equipment overview. educated and enforced policies procedures and responsibilities for each job position. customer service ensured superior customer service/retention by being reliable professional and obtaining goals for clients. able to handle customer service issues for leading fitness and retain members/clients. financial management personally
__label__AVIATION account executive professional summary account executive professional summary account executive accomplished sales-management professional with 5+ years of solid account management strategic-negotiation business-expansion and organizational-design experience at corporate levels for both startup and established companies education b.s. business management 04/2013 southern illinois university - mba business management strayer university - core compentencies b2b strategic selling business development and planning territory management market research negotiation time management growth oriented work history account executive 10/2017 to 01/2019 expanded yoy revenue by 734k from 2017-2018 resulting in 61.16 increase used consultative sales approach to understand and meet customer needs performed cold-calling and follow-ups with leads to secure new revenue set up appointments with potential and current customers to discuss new products and services negotiated with established and developing customers to secure profitable rates and client satisfaction account manager 04/2015 to 08/2017 increased sales by 151.66 yoy with execution of full sales cycle processing from initial lead processing through conversion and closing utilized consultative sales approach to identify solicit and secure new business from existing and new customers thoroughly analyzed issues and clearly communicated solutions to customers successfully sold to varying sized companies such as manufacturers distributors big box retail vendors and to all levels within an organization operations
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology director experience information technology director experience information technology director april 1999 to january 2015 for the past sixteen years i was a leader of change for the largest law firm in the central pennsylvania area with over 275 in office users at 6 locations and over 200 work from home users. i was a visionary in regards to technical business operations responsible for providing professional staff at various locations with efficient up-to-date secure and stable voice and data communications on a daily basis within budget. the ability to use good judgment proven technologies and industry standards to balance ease of use with security. i am a fast paced leader with the patience to oversee the maintenance of existing systems while at the same time plan the implementation of new technologies in a cost efficient and timely manner. i am both a professional team leader and player that has directly managed a staff of seven information technical professionals as well as participating in many project implementation teams and initiatives. i am experienced in many of the technical methods tools and applications used in business operations with the ability to connect multiple offices with highly secure and redundant internet connections. while at the firm
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology and aws information technology and aws admin intern experience information technology and aws admin intern 04/2019 researched and implemented a secure cloud infrastructure for migrating the financial data into aws with seamless integration for s financial department. achieved an overall increment of 30 in efficiency by migrating the s infrastructure to aws cloud. reduced the s infrastructure cost by 10 times. implemented secure off-site backups through scheduled weekly ssh dumps to remote server. configured and troubleshot switches routers and firewalls using tcp/ip protocols. network engineer intern 10/2015 built lan and wan for small-scale business enterprises using http dhcp dns ospf vlan. aws certified solutions architect- associate 10/2018 id-j007g7c1mfe41rsq aug 2019 cisco certified network associate - ccna 200-125 id-csco13264710. 04/2019 set up a vpc network on amazon and created public and private subnets security groups elastic ip and nat gateway. created an ec2 instance with windows ami to host an application on virtual machine wan network deployment for a multinational organization using cisco packet tracer fall 2018. configured routers switches and implemented ip addressing subnetting for a multi-location enterprise network using dhcp ospf hsrp rstp for routing and redundancy. solved security threats by providing network security using acl and port security linux based
__label__APPAREL general manager summary that general manager summary that would offer growth within the organization. i am easily adaptable maintain a high regard for attention to detail and i bring a strong background in coaching/development of teams. i am looking to work for a that will utilize my talents to the fullest while offering opportunities for growth. i want to work within a partnership that will challenge me to my fullest potential. highlights retail inventory management store opening and closing procedures store operations ms office proficient outstanding communication skills exceptional leader team-oriented recruiting and interviewing accomplishments i have often been depended on for training new managers and staff from different locations within the i work for. i am currently working on rewriting the standard operation procedures manual as i am fully knowledgeable of the s standards and policies. experience general manager 10/2013 to 09/2016 opened a new store location and assisted in recruiting and training new staff. stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. reorganized the sales floor to meet demands. design and implemented customer satisfaction metrics. determined staff promotions and demotions and terminated employees when necessary. completed a series of training sessions to advance from assistant manager to store manager. completed weekly schedules
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering manager professional software engineering manager professional profile 20+ years of software product development experience in broadcast media video servers editing large scale applications and 24/7 services with emphasis on simple solutions user experience and teamwork. 10+ years of experience in leading software development teams working across locations qualifications 20+ software engineers team building hiring 10+ offers 40+ interviews hr personnel procedures mentoring performance reviews write up peer reviews and project transitions. proficient visual c++ windows stl oop mfc threads file maps memory management com atl ipc ftp tcp http xml json services web services rest api soa media formats and standards codec sdk and integration mpeg-dash api design and documentation. relevant experience rest api and uri specification document for hercules web service. reuse innovation award at harris corporation for reuse of the core ip from nle product suite in nexio server product suite. the editing ip reuse contributed to the server business unit turnaround. consistent role model performance review during principal engineer years. certified scrummaster scrum alliance dec 2014 - dec 2016. products http //www.imaginecommunications.com/products/playout/video-servers. experience software engineering manager september 2009 to current limited c# html5 css javascript. bcd of harris corporation spinoff as imagine in 2013 nexio video servers and applications
__label__APPAREL 2nd level assistant store 2nd level assistant store manager operations manager manager sales services manager summary retail operations sales manager client-driven quality-focused retail manager with proven track record of top performance retail leader with profound and broad expertise in every aspect of store management. critically evaluates and minimizes operational costs in context of store profitability. creates and promotes caring customer service program for entire staff. coaches every employee toward individual goals. establishes retail environment that encourages positive customer experience and promotes realization of sales targets. core knowledge and skills retail merchandising recruitment retention operations store planning design team leadership coaching and mentoring profit and loss loss prevention personnel training and development highlights experience 01/2004 to 01/2009 2nd level assistant store manager operations manager manager sales services manager 01/2012 to current managed nearly every aspect of store operations. trained and developed store staff in customer service techniques. monitored and implemented corporate programs in sales shipping and merchandising. directed large store team to. create a sales environment that consistently met expected sales goals and reduced operating costs. managed team. of 25 including hourly employees and specialists. entrusted with the most complex customer service issues including personal and commercial purchasing accounts. assistant store manager 01/2011 to 01/2012
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS communications coordinator summary creative communications coordinator summary creative and highly-motivated communications and marketing professional with experience creating engaging and interesting work that achieves results. highlights adobe photoshop indesign illustrator experience with mobile applications microsoft office suite constant contact and mailchimp etapestry accomplishments 2015 folio magazine eddie award finalist - association / non-profit b-to-b single article less than 6 issues vpp participants association s magazine the leader raised circulation of organization s magazine in one year by more than 2 500 issues vpp participants association promoted and helped execute fundraising benefit/auction and concert raised over 9 000. susquehanna life magazine work history experience communications coordinator 10/2014 to current authored articles on featured topics current events and human interest stories that stimulated interest to increase readership of the organization s magazine increased circulation by more than 2 000. managed content and designed the layout and look of the s conference mobile app created webpage copy for newly designed website wrote ran the s facebook and twitter accounts. communications and editorial assistant 05/2014 to 09/2014 created event listings media lists and press releases for the magazine. promoted and helped execute fundraising benefit/auction and concert raised over 9 000. customer relations on phone and in the office. communications
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary hard working and energetic management professional focused on customer satisfaction throughout all stages of the sales life cycle. highlights excellent communication skills energetic resolution-oriented compelling leadership skills exceptional multi-tasker effective retail sales manager experience business development manager september 2012 to march 2015 resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service. determine price schedules and discount rates. review operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability. monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. confer or consult with department heads to plan advertising services and to secure information on equipment and customer specifications. direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products services commodities real estate or other subjects of sale. confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase. advise dealers and distributors on policies and operating procedures to ensure functional effectiveness of business. represent at trade association meetings to promote products.maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. administrative assistant april 2008 to june 2012 direct or coordinate the supportive services department of a business agency or organization. prepare and review operational reports and schedules to ensure accuracy and efficiency.
__label__CHEF summary sous chef lead summary sous chef lead cook and supervisor with 4 years experience in high-pressure culinary environments. skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional rewarding environment. highlights food cost servsafe certified bilingual rational degree inventory management familiarity focus on portion and cost control sous vide technique strong butchery skills food handlers card focused and disciplined high volume production capability well-tuned palette accomplishments successfully managed a kitchen staff. chef de partie experience chef de partie 01/2016 to current reduced food costs by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners praise. sous chef 05/2015 to 01/2016 provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format. expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. chef de partie 04/2014 to 05/2015 expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns budget and local labor laws. lead cook 07/2013 to 04/2014 followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products. established and maintained open collaborative relationships
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction manager summary energetic construction manager summary energetic construction manager consistently involved in all facets of the project. extremely knowledgeable in pipe lines gas and oil facility s and mining industry regulations and construction providing expert direction in all aspects of contract construction. strong leadership and communication skill. i am able to recognize problems and solve them and a full understanding the important of forming a strong relationship with the owners and engineers for the good of the project and future work. i work close with the safety side of the projects with a understanding how important safety is for the crew and the company. highlights msha certified osha certified twic certified safety oriented specifications api 6a 5l 15d 1104 653 astm a36 a350 a694 392 aws d1. strong management skills project budgeting scheduling communication skills able to form a strong and experienced team for all phases of the project work close with the contractors computer strong clear and strong verbal skills very oriented and organized accomplishments managed 20m to 120m projects while supervising a team of 40 to 265 workers. i have a proven record of safe job sites i have the ability to form a safe environment for our contractors and team
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary over consultant professional summary over 15 years of experience in the non-profit social services sector. specific target populations underserved native american latino youth adults and families. passionate about helping others become empowered and self-sufficient through community resources and wrap-around services. extensive work in the following areas operational management case management grant writing program development/ management fundraising community outreach and direct client services. skills microsoft word power-point excel office project evaluation media relations employee and volunteer training grant certification project coordination work history consultant assist individuals with esl english as a second language tutoring and preparation for citizenship exam. provide event coordination for golden boy promotions gbp marketing and outreach in the community and serve as personal assistant for vp of digital/marketing mr. scott tetreault e scott goldenboypromotions . lead employment specialist - 02/2015 - 03/2016 develop and maintain relationships with community referral sources such as department of rehabilitation dor work source centers america s job exchange and others. maintain close contact with clients during job training and placements to resolve problems and evaluate placement adequacy. locate barriers to client employment such as inaccessible work sites inflexible schedules and transportation problems and work with clients to develop strategies for overcoming these barriers.
__label__CHEF ex cutive banquette sous ex cutive banquette sous chef professional summary interested in permanent full time specialized in banquettes operations such as big and small events ceremony s massive functions banquettes designs. high skilled baking pastry s roasting cooking grilling cold larder etc garnishing tasting customer service. experienced on all sections all type of venues cuisines food service. over 14 years of experience in the hospitality industry. major experience in events functions catering weddings conventions corporate occasions etc. accomplished chef with strong combination of culinary experience and management skills. experience in high pressure kitchen environment ensuring that the standards of hygiene are maintained improved where possible. ensuring excellent standard of food consistency. demonstrated continuous commitment to reducing food labour costs. trained employees in food preparation procedures in line with high end establishment standards. a fast learner flexible highly motivated capable of operating independently or as a willing and supportive member of a team. get the job done. energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. motivated banquette sous chef offering over 13
__label__FITNESS group fitness instructor summary group fitness instructor summary experienced passionate and highly motivated fitness professional focused on creating dynamic and positive experiences for fitness members. well organized and reliable with excellent leadership and teamwork skills. highlights experience group fitness instructor july 2007 to current teach fitness classes ensuring safe effective and fun workouts for all levels. provide challenging options and modifications as needed. observe and model good body mechanics. communicate regularly with members to enhance knowledge of exercises body alignment and exercise safety. motivate members to be consistent work toward achieving their goals be fit and be happy. accomplishment recipient of group fitness instructor of the year award 2010 recipient of cando stars award. group fitness instructor november 2005 to may 2007 fitness instructor march 2005 to september 2006 led fitness classes for mom s and babies in strollers. used body weight resistance equipment ie resistance. tubing and general surroundings to provide effective safe and fun workouts for class participants. observed and. modeled good body mechanics. acted as role model and motivated participants to be fit and active moms. group fitness instructor august 2003 to november 2005 pharmaceutical sales representative june 1999 to february 2004 managed ny territory marketing and selling a portfolio of
__label__DESIGNER sales consultant interior designer sales consultant interior designer professional summary results-oriented sales professional eager to join a reputable organization. hardworking consultant gifted at turning prospects into clients by delivering exceptional presentations. engaging and personable with expertise managing key milestones and delivering exemplary customer service. highly enthusiastic with ability to absorb information rapidly and make a correct response. skills persuasive communication prospect qualification retention strategies exceptional customer service sales work history sales consultant interior designer 01/2018 to 12/2020 assisted clients with budget considerations and made recommendations for furniture custom made leather sofas and accessories items. developed space planning concepts color palette selections and leather presentations. used consultative sales approach to understand customer needs and recommend relevant offerings. created detailed sales presentations to communicate product features and market data. assisted walk-in traffic with identifying financial needs and goals to provide customized solutions. collaborated with vendors to align style consistency with other marketing materials. promoted customer satisfaction byunderstanding their needs and increased sales. designer sales consultant 03/2016 to 09/2017 worked with sales team to collaboratively reach targets consistently meeting or exceeding personal quotas. demonstrated products to show potential customers benefits and advantages and encourage purchases. established new customers. developed space planning concepts color palette selections and textile
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development executive professional business development executive professional summary highly motivated and intelligent professional utilizing highly refined sales marketing and managerial skills to grow revenue and profits. yearly ranked in the top 5 of sales performers by employing a strategic vision to increase revenue and profits in assigned markets. extensive experience selling business-to-business information technology and print advertising services in the cincinnati and columbus metropolitan areas. clientele ranges in size from multi-billion dollar multinational firms like procter and gamble p g and reed elsevier lexisnexis and smaller organizations like greater cincinnati water works and comair. proficient with many software productivity suites like ms office and customer relationship management crm tools like act goldmine and salesforce.com. sales methodologies include many custom/proprietary systems as well as the sandler sales methodology. experience january 2013 to current business development executive responsible for selling it converged infrastructure consulting services hardware and software solutions in the greater cincinnati area. pcms is a microsoft gold partner who specializes in cloud and on-premise technology including office 365 sharepoint lync and exchange. proven experts in staff aug helpdesk and project based work. my customer base includes companies such as intelligrated kao great oaks schulman hilltop basic resources luxottica etc. ranked #1 in account
__label__FINANCE finance officer professional summary finance officer professional summary bilingual self-starter with broad customer service background. skilled in developing relationships and providing exceptional individualized service. as well as an enthusiastic resourceful recent graduate with academic and professional background. ability to establish priorities and meet challenges head-on. skills excellent attention to details fluent in spanish excellent driving skills excellent skills in microsoft outlook word excel and powerpoint work history 11/2014 to current finance officer monitor the financial system of grant answers by using turbo cash and microsoft excel. assist with the arrangement of the budget. prepare income statements and balance sheets. maintained integrity of general ledger including the chart of accounts. optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key business leaders. 04/2014 to current teller process customer transactions while engaging in conversation in order to provide pleasing customer service and to detect possible fraud inform customers about our products that may suit their needs as well as cross-sell bank products and services manage the bank s vault to verify balances resolve discrepancies in accounts while assuring comfort to our customers hold a weekly meeting with the branch manager in order to learn more about our products and enhance my performance attend corporate events
__label__FITNESS concierge professional summary i concierge professional summary i am looking for a job where i can put my positive strengths and abilities to good use. i am an efficient and cheerful worker who relates to people with compassion and understanding. i am discreet trustworthy and dedicated. authorized to work in the us for any employer. licenses certified nursing assistant skill highlights highly organized professional behavior and telephone manner computer literate able to perform without close supervision able to prioritize able to work under stress patient care and safety medical terminology electronic medical records vital signs and patient monitoring privacy/hippa regulations patient advocacy and support professional experience concierge 02/2016 to current welcome owners and vendors upon entrance act as point of reference for those who need assistance or information and attend to their wishes and requirements understand the owner s needs and provide them with personalized solutions by suggesting activities and facilities provided provide extensive knowledge of the premises and the nearby venues and businesses to make the most suitable recommendations arrange events excursions transportation etc. upon request answer the phone and make reservations take and distribute messages mail and packages and redirect calls respond to complaints and find the appropriate solutions monitor a very
__label__ADVOCATE senior member service advocate senior member service advocate shanna scruggs professional summary motivated customer service specialist with over 20 years experience in a fast-paced team-based environment high call volume environments. skills account reconciliations accounting accounts payable apollo auditing benefits billing system coach com credit client customer satisfaction data entry database delivery fashion features ftp general ledger accounts http legal documents managing access ms excel mail ms office word mysql owl pick pricing processes express reconciling maintain records research shipping troubleshooting strong customer service orientation problem solver committed to team success ms office skills self-motivated extremely organized highly dependable team leadership quick learner ms windows proficient work history senior member service advocate 10/2015 to current unitedhealth group assisting members with their prescription benefits coverage for medicare part d plan commercial plans medicaid plans nevada georgia arizona indiana south dakota champva plans ohio bureau of workers compensation and mail order. reviewing rejected claims processing coverage determinations for prescription coverage. assisting pharmacies with rejected claims and overrides. help guide and educate customers on their prescription benefits use of plan formulary premiums and status of orders and claims or inquiries. i also assist in by doing side by sides to help other agents with their kpi s. i
__label__AVIATION customer service agent professional customer service agent professional summary customer service agent with 10 years of experience in helping people with their everyday needs and concerns over the phone and in person. experience with handling complex inquires and situations with discretion and efficacy at all times. skills microsoft office art clients documentation facsimile forms materials mediation microsoft office office machines photocopiers policies quality safety scanners supervision telephone troubleshooting voice mail well organized work history customer service agent 11/2020 to current assessed passenger documentation to determine destinations and to assign boarding passes. confer with customers to determine their service requirements and travel preferences. replied to inquiries regarding schedules accommodations procedures and policies. provide clients with assistance in preparing required travel documents and forms. responded politely to passenger complaints regarding ticketing and baggage handling. customer service representative 01/2010 to 12/2020 consulted with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services. operate office machines such as photocopiers and scanners facsimile machines voice mail systems and personal computers. customer service agent g2 secure staff 12/2016 to 11/2020 examine passenger documentation to determine destinations and to assign boarding passes. provide boarding or disembarking assistance to passengers needing special assistance. confer with customers to determine
__label__FINANCE special finance manager summary special finance manager summary seeking the position of commercial underwriter ii where i may employ my expertise in special finance management cost risk analysis ltv dti structured negotiations and audit controls. providing the with the highest level of strategic services and profitability. highlights strong management skills in strategic planning organizational re-engineering budget analysis process productivity and quality improvement. talented in leading and developing business opportunities and marketing strategies to maximize profitability. accomplishments phi beta kappa honor society experience december 2011 to february 2014 special finance manager managed and directed overall special finance administration and operation of automobile dealership. achieved an average 202 sales per month 126 new cars 57 rise in overall sales within the first 3 months. re-engineered management methods which streamlined operations and increased sales. conducted ongoing analyzes to evaluate the efficiency quality and productivity of operations. increased dealerships rating to #1 dealer in the district and #1 in sales in the north east texas region which significantly increased overall profitability for the company. developed and implemented employee relations programs to increase morale productivity and efficiency. encouraged and supported a team-like work environment. after taking over special finance management position increased the ssi sales satisfaction index from the
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary a graphic designer summary a graphic designer who is creative and detail-oriented who thinks a lot but wants to make things clear and simple. simple without loss of information is my style. pay attention and be accurate to each pixel is the phrase i will always keep in mind during my design career. right now i m looking for a suitable position in a that has a team of pleasant experienced designers and a working environment which allows people to grow and succeed. highlights adobe creative suite illustrator photoshop indesign and coreldraw working knowledge of web design applications dreamweaver html and css skilled in microsoft office suite experience of working with branding digital prints webpage design typography packaging and printmaking member of springfield art association experience graphic designer 08/2014 to 08/2015 designed webpage layout logos related images. manager assistant / graphic designer 07/2014 to current provide numerous services to chinese clients requiring us-based assistance including - facilitating real estate transactions and property management - due diligence and assistance with eb-5 visa projects and applications - do translation and interpretation for chinese clients - provide expert service to chinese families desiring to place students in lower and higher educational institutions in the
__label__SALES sales associate/cashier summary friendly sales associate/cashier summary friendly sales associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. excellent multi-tasker and team player. reliable sales associate with strengths in inventory management training and customer service. friendly knowledgeable and hard-working team player. skills sales expertise active listening verbal/written communication team player mentality outgoing personality time management ability enthusiasm personal information where i have worked or studied i have always done my best to be efficient and excel in anything and everything i ve done. i work extremely well with others i do my best to be a leader and not a follower and i try my hardest to be kind and respectful to anyone and everyone i come in contact with. i am an exceptional writer i am very detailed oriented and i am great at following directions and staying organized. even on my bad days i know how to keep a smile on my face and leave my personal problems at home to give customers a great expirience and keep hem coming back for more. skills client detail oriented team leadership phone experience 09/2017 to current sales associate/cashier met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance. retrieved alternate items
__label__HR hr director/administrator executive profile hr director/administrator executive profile a self-motivated individual with over 20 years experience successfully managing a myriad of diverse enterprises. major strengths include the ability to rapidly set-up organize and oversee new offices provide expert document control excellent meeting planning skills and the ability to liaise among diverse entities. skill highlights small business development project management leadership/communication skills employee relations self-motivated staff development start-ups team player total quality management core accomplishments project management monitored the operation of eleven renewable wind projects implemented the process for hiring documentation control between owner and contractors complete set-up of the office facility on site. monitored all expenses to ensure they did not exceed the budget human resources structured the hr handbook for all craft employees out on the project structured the hiring process mentored and trained office staff operations management managed personnel liaison between owner contractor and sub-contractor monitored daily progress out in the field professional experience january 2015 to current hr director/administrator responsible for the hr department and supervising administrative staff and trained support staff. handled all hiring and payroll. reviewed all invoices for appropriate documentation. managed the construction of the new office for forbes bros inc in the houston office. facilitated the start
__label__ARTS game design intern summary game design intern summary i am an aspiring programming professional with experience in concessions management customer service and team leadership highlights working in a fast paced environment. managing a large volume of orders. maintaining sanitation and complying with food safety regulations. oversight of daily business income. working in a changing environment with diverse team members. operation of commercial equipment requiring safety protocol. skills knowledge in c++ java ruby matlab linux/unix command line latex microsoft office package basic data-structure construction and management advanced calculus discrete mathematics linear algebra accomplishments earned team member of the month while working in the food service section of a market street grocery store. swift vertical promotion within food service section at market street. member of alpha phi omega september 2015 - may 2016 100+ hours of various volunteer services. work experience game design intern november 2016 to current oversight of documentation and file organization. level designer including enemy items and basic layout. co-designer for general game mechanics. concessions supervisor june 2016 to current served as mentor to junior team members. filled out daily paperwork inventory logs staff time logs etc. oversight of multiple concession stands serving a variety of items. food service clerk september 2014 to
__label__SALES sales associate summary i sales associate summary i am an industrious fashion business management undergrad seeking employment with a fashion brand that will utilize my knowledge and skills for a product development position. highlights proficient in mac and pc platforms microsoft office suite adobe creative suite internet savvy fluent in albanian experience 05/2012 to current sales associate conduct product knowledge trainings to keep my staff informed of new and/or additional details and of how and where our merchandise is made create product knowledge boards to keep my sales team up-to-date on the most current runway show and season- including creative director christopher bailey s inspiration behind the show photos of each outfit and detailed descriptions of the garments that include fabric content to patterns and colorways. visually merchandise in-store displays from adjusting fixtures to dressing mannequins. regularly use ipads to manage my client portfolios keep up-to-date with burberry news obtain information on product availability and in-store stock. liaison with other locations regarding merchandise availability and trainings. continuously meet and exceed monthly sales goals. 01/2016 to 04/2016 technical design intern communicated with clothing factories daily to discuss garment specification needs as well as status per garment. used ronlynn apparel software rlm to update product lifecycle
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction inspector profile civil construction inspector profile civil engineer quality control project manager process improvements safety compliance testing/analysis accomplished solutions-oriented multilingual civil engineer with extensive engineering analytical technical and problem-solving skills honed over more than ten years within the construction industry. highly adept problem solver skilled at defining the core nature of issues identifying and analyzing root causes and detecting waste elimination opportunities. recognized for strong project management skills lean manufacturing techniques design and quality standards. strong ability to cross-function as a team member leader and independent professional performing under pressure and meeting all deadlines in any capacity. excel at turning individuals into teams that work efficiently and exceed all expectations. exceptional academic qualifications including a master of science degree in civil engineering from florida international university. skills microsoft office word excel powerpoint outlook publisher / microsoft visio / adobe photo deluxe/photoshop/ microsoft project / autocad / windows / linux / mac osx / matlab / simulink / xilinx ise v.11 / cadence orcad / proteus / cadence allegro pcb design tool / mdk-arm /atmel studio / codevision / solidworks professional experience 01/2013 to current - 01/2007 to 01/2013 - construction inspector 01/2005 to 01/2007 - utilize extensive organizational skills to maintain daily logs
__label__FITNESS general manager/fitness director executive general manager/fitness director executive profile highly motivated team oriented professional wants to contribute to your organization utilizing recognized achievements in management with an emphasis on employee/customer relations program implementations training and employee development. i have been recognized for my exceptional leadership skills ability to communicate well and excellent work ethic. professional experience general manager/fitness director december 2013 to current manages and supervise approximately 30 fitness club employees. implements and creates fitness/wellness programs to encourage reward and offer incentives to members who maintain a regular exercise program. performs assessments and offers recommendations for a healthier lifestyle. encourages members to maintain a regular exercise program. assist instruct and motivate members by provided knowledge training principles and basic information relating to fitness. develops and promotes active member programs including corporate wellness and activities to increase the members feelings to self-worth and accomplishment. enhances mentors and develops conducive personal training and group fitness programs. coordinates fitness center repairs and maintenance. assist in the lease/purchase agreement of new equipment for the facility. writes researches and analyzes information and data to support position with executive management prepares policies and procedures for management review obtains approval plans and directs from inception to event completion create and monitors
__label__ACCOUNTANT payroll accountant summary has payroll accountant summary has a strong work ethic with over 7+ years working in a fast paced environment providing high level support for senior management and various department teams. extremely experienced in handling administrative accounting payroll human resources and clerical tasks. excellent at multi- tasking effectively implementing decisions enhancing productivity meeting companies goals and deadlines and working in an individual and team work environment with little oversight. my business background allowed me to obtain the skills to be very organized detailed- orientated professional confidential trustworthy patient helpful trainable dependable and resourceful. highlights microsoft office word excel powerpoint internet and outlook quickbooks skills quickbooks pivot tables peoplesoft people tools microsoft office csc point in system and pro series strong interpersonal analytical problem analysis technical organizational communication and data entry skills. journel entries sap professionalism adaptable and trainable. efficiently able to multitask while adequately consistent with prioritizing tasks strong leadership with great attention to detail for optimal results experience payroll accountant apr 2014 to current processed and managed payroll for over 500+ union and non-union employees on bi-weekly basis worked closely with cfo and controller handling month end close projects audit and other special projects. mentored and trained c-level managers and staff
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development center manager business development center manager professional summary dynamic marketing manager with more than 7 years in the sales management and territorial marketing industries. creative and innovative team player with compelling leadership skills. highly customer service oriented with excellent written and verbal communication skills which enhance the customer service experience. excels in deadline-driven account management with an established track record of remarkable sales results. experience business development center manager 08/2017 to 10/2018 achieving daily-weekly and monthly goals and objectives. making 75-100 outbound calls per day. initiating and responding to customers with 40-60 emails per day. working in a computer based management tool. setting a volume of appointments daily. following up with customer vehicle inquiries efficiently to maximize opportunities. effective working as part of a team. internet sales manager 12/2016 to 03/2017 maintained a 94 average of leads answered in 15 3 minute average answer time per lead. worked flexible schedule and from home office to insure precise customer lead follow up provided expert product and service information. delivered 5 units during first week of hire ensure that salespeople are informed of all incoming appointments enhance customer satisfaction during the entire purchase experience. partner with the financial services department to develop and coordinate
__label__AVIATION sergeant e-5 aviation supply sergeant e-5 aviation supply specialist summary a highly motivated and ambitious individual able to give timely and accurate advice guidance and support to team members and individuals. possess excellent management skills and have the ability to work with the minimum of supervision whilst supporting fellow team members. have a proven ability to lead by example consistently hit targets improve best practices and organize time efficiently. now looking forward to make a further contribution as part of your team and am hopeful for the genuine opportunity for progression. highlights inventory tracking budget management shipment consolidations planning decisive inventory control warehouse and fulfillment results-oriented logistics network analysis detail-oriented strategic planner cost reduction flexible works well independently customer service-oriented accomplishments received a navy and marine corps achievement medal while serving as squad leader 2nd platoon female engagement team 2nd marine division forward for having coordinated three female engagement teams and led over 85 missions engaged more than 1900 local nationals during 1300 engagements while serving in direct support of 3rd battalion 2nd marine regiment from march 2011 to october 2011. received a navy and marine corps achievement medal while serving as a maintenance material control expediter while in support of the 31st marine
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY director information technology professional director information technology professional summary results-driven it director with over 30 years of experience in diverse industries including port and higher education. expertise includes team leadership technical architecture training and development disaster recovery planning and information protection analysis. dynamic resourceful and extremely driven individual with a deep passion for creating and delivering programs and solutions that empower a team and customer to meet and exceed desired expectations. core qualifications it management results-oriented operations management budget administration change management problem resolution team leadership decisive leader cost reduction experience director information technology august 2008 to current manages information technology computer center for the board of commissioners of the port of new orleans board . develops initiates implements and monitors procedures necessary to determine the need for improvement of the system and operational activities. makes recommendations on the acquisition lease or rental of equipment and computer services the development and implementation of new data processing programs and the expansion of existing equipment and programs. provide information and recommendations to the port s management relevant to the establishment of priorities for prospective system applications. develops and/or revises data and practices concerning plan and procedures consistent with agency goals and objectives in the information communications
__label__SALES merchandiser sales summary job merchandiser sales summary job title equipped with the excellent negotiation skills market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success. highlights organizational skills marketing lead generation strategic consultative selling interpersonal and collaboration skills b to b sales customer retention account management developing/expanding territories c-level technical presentations project management excellent sales techniques accomplishments a member since 1996 elected to executive board 2009. took time off to help with the earthquake relief. organize fundraisers and benefits. manage and recruit volunteers. made contacts with significant contributors and corporate relations. organized to ship containers of medical supplies food water and clothes to haiti achieved high honors from elavon s vp of sales. conducted training for north eastern team on cold calling techniques awarded for the best pend percentage for october in north east region managed major accounts worth more than 50k in four territories. reviewed and grew account base by 18 to surpass given objectives. interviewed and observed potential candidates for employment mentored new hires. established new clients to grow profitable territories and meet set objectives 12 per quarter. provided clients with a profitable marketing strategy in both print advertisement and internet marketing. continuously maintained and established solid
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY branch chief information technology branch chief information technology specialist profile motivated information technology and cyber security professional with outstanding managerial and customer service skills excellent written and verbal communication skills seeks challenging position with an organization where i can make a big impact with my multifaceted experience training and education. excellent record of problem solving and achieving results in high-operations-tempo environments. successful team leader and highly-motivated mentor with proven dedication to self and subordinate improvement. superior knowledge of infosec/netops techniques to determine requirements for information technology equipment and systems. excellent knowledge and ability to negotiate in financial control budget systems and security management. working knowledge of budget and cost analysis processes. thorough knowledge of office of management and budget omb department of defense dod and u.s. air force regulations principles and practices pertaining to logistics infosec/netops installations and mission support functions. exceptional ability to recognize and analyze problems conduct research summarize results and make appropriate recommendations. recognized expert in dod planning programming budgeting and execution ppbe process. expertise in capability planning in it environment enterprise technical/certification and accreditation standards ccri processes procedures security practices and ia vulnerability tools i.e. acas. ability to apply knowledge of current security tools and techniques to execute authority to
__label__BANKING mortgage group operations manager mortgage group operations manager banking officer summary self-motivated banking professional offering strong communication and quick thinking skills. works effectively on teams as well as independently in fast-paced environments. highlights ms office proficient risk management evaluation background excellent communication skills organized reliable strong sense of banking ethics strong compliance and operational background experience 08/2014 to current mortgage group operations manager banking officer - monitor and approve pricing deviations in accordance with bb t policy monitor pipelines to ensure compliance and timely action for clients by mortgage loan officers mlos . monitor prequalification pipelines to ensure timely and appropriate actions by mlos act as a liaison between mlos and the regional production support teams rpsts appraisal unit and construction permanent cp unit. communicate and escalate loan issues as needed develop coach and guide staff for continued grass roots level execution of assigned operational components of retail mortgage lending integrate staff into new processes and systems as well as deepen relationships with production associates so that issues can be identified early reported quickly and solutions offered coordinate rush files and process prioritization with the rpst become thoroughly familiar with unifi and assist mlos and administrative staff with issues as they arise. communicate and
__label__HR hr specialist summary possess hr specialist summary possess 15+ years of experience as an hr classification/compensation lead and as an hr specialist recruitment. managed recruitment efforts that included qualifying candidates based on documented knowledge skills and abilities to match organizational resource needs. ensured candidate fulfillment of the preemployment process i.e. background checks drug screens and reference checks. developed and implemented competency and skill-based pay programs for a variety of occupations including medical nurses mechanical machine operators and civil engineers. led a statewide review of jobs 18 000 employees toward determining appropriate flsa designations e.g. executive administrative computer-related creative . provided executive and middle management consultation toward acquiring class/levels and roles necessary to accomplish departmental goals and objectives that resulted in mission successes. training and development eight years of experience in training and development that included development and delivery of leadership and management/supervisory skills acquisition. additionally developed policy and procedural training including performance management interaction management ada and prevention of workplace violence and sexual harassment. skills management consultation negotiation outlook e-recruitment hr policies/procedures provision of excellent customer service micro-soft applications word excel powerpoint skills problem-solve and serve as change agent to ensure that hr functions are included in organizational missions. negotiate budget revisions to include
__label__CHEF chef instructor professor summary chef instructor professor summary dynamic resourceful and skilled teacher instructor business owner and chef with years of experience.problem solver strategic planning risk management service quality improvement staff training staff-retention programs team building team leadership takes immediate action if problems arise motivator problem resolution employee scheduling event management and promotion expense control high level of work standards adjust priorities quickly understands and motivates employees and customers by analyzing and understanding and making them feel valued and understood. culinary instructor teaching within a college level for nine consecutive years. highly respected. highlights excellent leadership partners well with others proved ability to plan organize and manage business human resources leadership community outreach operations start-up and analytical skills for improvement organizational restructure and change amazing work ethic great motivator builds great teams to achieve superior results organized team leadership microsoft office tools staff development motivation and training programs event management and promotion performance and cost experience chef instructor professor 10/2006 to 08/2015 culinary science food service food safety and sanitation customer service skills lecture/lab class to students in both credit and noncredit programs. instruct and supervise students in volume food preparation for breakfast lunch or dinner service in the cafeteria professional industrial kitchen. lecture
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director of business development director of business development executive profile my goal is to use my unique collection of expertise experience and skills gained from my seventeen years as a construction business development and marketing representative five years managing a sales force six years helping my father run his historic home remodeling business and my college education to reach my full potential as an account executive by helping visio financial services achieve steady long-term sustainable growth by building productive relationships with customers co-workers leadership and other stakeholders. core accomplishments sales and marketing increased income 112 in 12 months in austin increased market share from 20 to 70 in downtown atlanta construction market in 12 months designed and executed branding plan to change the image of the organization resulting in significant market share increase in each of 23 major u.s. cities investigated markets and target customer issues to create messaging strategy market research defined industry segments and identified opportunities in 23 major u.s. cities discovered new opportunities in mature markets and developed and led the implementation of plans to capture significant market share account management managed various sized accounts and grew business by providing superb customer service successfully grew account sizes in 23 major u.s.
__label__CONSULTANT principal consultant summary supply principal consultant summary supply chain and logistics management professional with traditional supply chain and transformation experience. developed supported evaluation of key process functions such as strategy business planning category management strategic sourcing contractor lifecycle management vendor risk management srm purchase to pay and spend analytics. managed strategy execution organizational redesign strategic cost reduction and utilized technology as an enabler for supply chain effectiveness. skills organization planning prioritizing flexible thinker not a destroyer of value experience 06/2013 to current principal consultant provide consulting services to clients on supply chain transformation initiatives including developing integrated target operating models for large procurement organizations. help support the evaluation of key process functions such as strategy business development category management and vendor management. provide investment recovery services which includes brokering used gas processing equipment of all types such as cryogenic amine systems high pressure separators and refrigeration systems. 06/2006 to 09/2013 strategic sourcing manager monitor performance of suppliers and apply appropriate methodology to ensure expected contractual outcomes. establish governance processes escalation and controls to ensure well managed and healthy partnerships. investigate and propose solutions to remedy supplier non-performance situations. assess and anticipate changing business requirements and recommend changes to supply chain processes tools and systems.
__label__ENGINEERING engineering intern professional summary engineering intern professional summary petroleum engineering graduate and military veteran seeking a full-time position in an organization that will allow for professional growth a long career and meaningful employment. over 4 years of operations and management experience and 6 months of engineering internship experience working on multi-million dollar projects. highly-motivated and quick learner. can perform in fast-paced environments make sound decisions and direct and provide personnel with technical guidance. embraces new challenges. core qualifications solidworks 2005 electrical drafting tube furnaces experience 06/2015 to 08/2015 engineering intern reviewed project instructions and specifications to identify modify and plan requirements. used software applications to simulate working conditions of units and components in order to investigate proposals for improving equipment performance. conferred with technicians submitted reports to engineering department staff and recommended design changes. obtained specified equipment performance by calculating required capacities of proposed systems. analyzed equipment performance by reading dials and meters which measure temperature pressure volumetric output and input at operating conditions. developed safety and operating procedures to be employed by workers who operate pipeline equipment. developed total utilization tool for all natural gas compressors maintained by the company. developed blow-down sizing tool and purge-time tool for various pipe configurations to be
__label__ENGINEERING manager engineering manufacturing systems manager engineering manufacturing systems engineering manager summary personable engineering manager successful at building strong cross sector professional relationships. manages large and complex projects for the heritage es now ms sector while maintaining high team morale and energy. skilled mentor and mediator who excels at bringing out the best in team members. experience manager engineering manufacturing systems engineering manager 08/2015 drafted action plans and led collaboration meetings with functional organization executives to review project status and proposed changes. collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans. manage a team of 8 direct manufacturing systems engineering mse leads within the manufacturing engineering me organization that are responsible for developing maintaining and integrating web tools to be used by manufacturing engineering and business systems and processes. provide tactical and strategic it leadership and coordination for manufacturing system engineering tools products processes applications and technology. support the manufacturing engineering directorate with it activities including strategy development budget and cost management product and service acquisition and delivery teaming relationships and communication activities thereby ensuring timely and cost effective delivery and customer satisfaction. manager engineering process initiatives manager 04/2015 to 08/2015 managed a team of 15 direct and dotted line sector-wide process leads with
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS unit publicist summary to unit publicist summary to utilize and further develop the skills acquired through significant work experience in the fields of public relations marketing advertising fashion and event planning. willing to travel skill highlights media relations special events planning public relations expert project management promotional campaigns enthusiastic and dedicated team player problem solving exceptional writer organized and efficient deadline-driven experience 12/2010 to 05/2015 unit publicist secured coverage by both broadcast and print media outlets. coordinated press tours on film set and planned red carpet screening with fox2 detroit. 11/2014 to 01/2015 freelance publicist manager new business development wrote press releases and conducted media outreach and collaborated on internal marketing materials. strategized new business opportunities and established communication with potential new clients. counseled on film industry and public relations procedures. 05/2014 to 06/2014 freelance social media marketing manager developed social media strategies and content calendars for all client accounts. managed social media sites and posted content daily across social media platforms. surveyed the internet for brand related topics of conversation engaged in dialogue and tracked customer issues. analyzed current social media metrics and engagement. 04/2013 to 06/2013 freelancer conducted media outreach for several client initiatives monitored for media coverage and executed research. produced
__label__BANKING senior compliance officer summary senior compliance officer summary banking professional with more than 8.5 years experience in banking with the strong knowledge of banking products services and procedures especially in kyc/aml/cft/ofac/global sanctions/fatca compliance sphere who can help your to achieve any goals while mitigating the risks. skill highlights excellent verbal and written communication skills with strong interpersonal skills strong analytical and research skills excellent team player strong leadership abilities and team building skills dynamic and self-motivated creative and result-oriented excellent organizational project management and planning skills ability to work well under pressure adherence to deadlines detail-oriented multitask reliable responsible conscientious easy-going demonstrated initiative and creativity in problem solving fast learner eager for self-improvement. computer skills proficiency with personal computers and pertinent mainframe systems and software packages including ms office suite aml/ofac monitoring software. languages english fluent russian native belarusian native french intermediate level delf b1 german basic knowledge . professional experience march 2013 to september 2015 senior compliance officer aml/cft international sanctions compliance mainly ofac fincen european union her majesty s treasury hm treasury united nations others sanctions lists management downloading and installing the bank secrecy act the usa patriot act us treasury aml guidelines ofac requirements and suspicious activity reporting requirements knowledge kyc/edd/peps
__label__FINANCE senior student finance specialist senior student finance specialist summary a dedicated and focused business professional with 12 years of extensive experience in analyzing and researching data to find solutions to issues. an expert in investigation and critical thinking a very well detail oriented individual who is adaptive to change and building relationships with teams and managers. i am currently seeking for a career where my skills and abilities can be useful to the as well as to challenge my growth. experience senior student finance specialist january 2010 to current summary i am a dedicated and focused business professional with 12 years of extensive experience in analyzing and researching data to find solutions to issues. i am an expert in investigation and critical thinking a very well detail oriented individual who is adaptive to change and building relationships with teams and managers. i am currently seeking for a career where my skills and abilities can be useful to the as well as to challenge my growth. evaluates students financial aid s compliance with schools regulations and control. assessments include isir and c-code evaluation loans and grants eligibility grades and attendance reviews and qa on other miscellaneous documents such as proof of hs graduation. responsible for
__label__CONSULTANT consultant experience 07/2011 - consultant experience 07/2011 - current consultant developed new business for pars in the governmental retirement plan marketplace while building long-term relationships with school district superintendents and chief business officials. exceeded revenue and gross profit goals at ikon as a major account executive selling over 1 million annually to the university of vermont. executed the highest level of customer interaction specializing in strategic relationship building solution selling. management / as part of the management team at pars assisted in the development of marketing strategies and future products including national expansion. as the only major account executive and most experienced sales rep on the local ikon team i coached and developed incoming sales reps and lead our six person sales team. engaged in leadership opportunities for the region including the six sigma program the business development manager apprenticeship and facilitating developed new client relationships through face-to-face meetings conference attendance telephone calls and other necessary methods. management of the implementation of new plans ensuring that the consulting and administration staff have sufficient information to successfully implement the new plans. this process includes oversight and review of analysis marketing materials presentations communication material plan documentation and plan funding. consulted with clients to design appropriate
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development career overview business development career overview detail-oriented professional with a business mindset and an extensive operational background obtained through diverse industry experience in banking loss prevention health and wellness and retail offering innovative methods of efficiency meant to benefit individuals at all levels of business. technical skills skills experience total years last used microsoft office excel word pp expert 10+ 2016 google - analytics intermediate 2 2016 sql intermediate 1 2014 outlook intermediate 6 2014 accomplishments quality control increased database ease of use and efficiency by 10 . operational management identified recommended and prioritized new database features stored various sql query statements and applications in conjunction with business leaders department managers and administrative staff. developed implemented tested debugged and documented various systems ie live chat updated database applications ivr and automated telephone dialers . client interface collaborated with programmers to create various forms and account interfaces that are easy to navigate and are mobile friendly. improved client relationships and performance predictability through shared business and technical perspectives and agreed expectations. team collaboration weekly brainstorm on how to increase efficiency at all levels of business such as appropriate system upgrades and team best practices. work experience 08/2015 to current business development identify areas
__label__AVIATION p aviation supply specialist p aviation supply specialist summary ambitious student pursuing computer science degree eager to contribute developed knowledge in delivery/supervisory role. skilled in technical and teamwork. adaptable and driven with strong work ethic and ability to thrive in team-based or individually motivated settings. skills report creation freight operations adaptive team player dependable and reliable materials transport skilled forklift operator cargo handling defensive driver training report creation storage procedures reviewing records personnel mentoring reliable and trustworthy critical thinking data management team management friendly positive attitude basic math people skills microsoft office team building first aid/cpr experience aviation supply specialist / aug 2017 to may 2021 tracked documented and updated the stock system with precise attention to detail and recordkeeping requirements. coordinated materials delivery to units world-wide. validated and processed requisitions for new unit supplies. assisted with unit budgeting by entering accurate purchase orders and tracking exact expenses. operated forklift to elevate or place merchandise in appropriate areas. communicated effectively with members of public in often crowded and noisy environments. received orders via phone mail fax and internet daily. coordinated shipping and receiving schedules with production to assist in traffic control on docks. packed over number pounds of type products daily while keeping detailed
__label__DESIGNER project manager/instructional designer summary project manager/instructional designer summary dependable and resourceful project manager and instructional designer adept at organizing and developing quality courses for both in-seat hybrid and online adult learners. highlights hypertext markup language html5 camtasia adobe elearning suite 2.5 to include adobe presenter captivate and dream weaver microsoft office 1993-2007 to include powerpoint word excel dropbox video training development xendesktop ec council ilabs vcastle microsoft live meeting adobe connect screenr canvas moodle 1.9 and 2.4 blackboard mrds microsoft office sharepoint zoom web conferencing accomplishments continues to developed curriculum for several bachelor and master level courses as well as ncpace training courses. completed and earned the following certifications from lynda.com articulate storyline instructional design essentials models of id instructional design essentials storyboarding instructional design essentials working with smes introduction to networking learning management essentials lms fundamentals practical cybersecurity up and running with articulate storyline up and running with canvas experience project manager/instructional designer 01/2011 to current manage projects/course development. design develop and update in-seat and online curriculum materials as well as military cbt course. conduct assessment and analysis to identify new development needs and recommends training methods accordingly. ensure design of deliverables address the instructional needs of the learners. assure curriculum and delivery
__label__FITNESS night warehouse selector professional night warehouse selector professional summary experienced personal trainer for eight plus years conducting one on one training sessions in upscale fitness studios and gyms. skills customer satisfaction weight trainer personable and friendly individual life and body assessments strength trainer staff leadership nutrition plans versatile customer satisfaction fitness equipment expertise work history night warehouse selector 12/2016 to current night warehouse selector. selects customer orders from pick slots using pick lists of assorted items to build orders according to driver stops at customer locations. delivers merchandise to correct dock area stacks items on pallets according to driver stops at customer locations for next day delivery and shrink wraps palletized orders. this involves riding a pallet jack moving products from racks to pallet labeling the selected cases with the order labels and using voxware voice logistics software. validates that correct product has been selected and is damage free. notify stocker of empty or short slots for replenishment. work in multi-temperature areas as assigned. meet weekly standards for productivity and accuracy while working in a safe manner. performs various post-shift duties that could include clearing aisles of all debris returning pallet jack to charging area and hook up jack for battery charging. stacks empty
__label__FINANCE finance consultant summary strategic finance consultant summary strategic and analytical finance professional with 10+ years of success in reporting and analytics financial planning analysis project management technology payments vendor management and treasury. highlights financial modeling experience february 2016 to current finance consultant prepares monthly payment reporting and analytics dashboard for senior management. ad hoc reporting from data warehouses utilizing teradata sql and oracle business intelligence enterprise. data analysis and tracking leveraging access databases and excel pivot tables charts and vba/macros. supports m a/divestitures and new product launches. provides analysis to assist negotiations with credit card companies and payment processors. april 2009 to february 2016 senior financial analyst finance liaison for indirect sales channel. provided financial reporting and analysis to sales and marketing covering 282 agents at 5 744 locations. developed credit review processes in preparation of iphone launches. active stakeholder on behalf of fp a for multiple initiatives. provided insightful recommendations for a broad range of decision-making requirements. participated in the development of business cases for projects. developed and implemented b2b payment acceptance strategy including optimization of commercial credit cards. generated annual credit card interchange savings of 3.9m+ through various programs. presented strategy and performance tracking to senior management. system administrator and project manager
__label__ADVOCATE advocate summary seeking a advocate summary seeking a part time or prn generalist position in human resource. conflict resolution team building mentoring and coaching new-hire orientation disc personality assessments training and development leadership development performance appraisals technical skills experience advocate 01/2012 to current nf/sg healthcare for homeless veterans program coach mentor and develop 100 clients with resume assistance career counseling complaints and problems. develop manage and evaluate training and organizational effectiveness strategies that promote the development of a skilled high-performing motivated workforce focused on the achievement of key performance indicators. develop career plans that fit clients aptitudes education levels physical abilities and career goals. serve as internal consultant to all levels of management to identify and resolve issues such as employee retention skill development professional growth succession planning and performance improvement. partner with business unit leaders and serve as a strategic resource to assess company-wide training and development needs as well as provide recommendations for change. evaluate motivate coach and counsel 25 peers in the performance of their duties. veteran affairs specialist 01/2011 to 01/2012 provided training education career counseling and job placement services to broad range of clients. participated in group orientation for clients to promote the development of entry-level and career job
__label__ADVOCATE customer advocate career overview customer advocate career overview enthusiastic customer service/telesales representative with in-depth knowledge of sales account management and training. i have over 15 years of experience in retail real estate medical insurance and sales customer service. core strengths strong organizational skills seasoned in conflict resolution sharp problem solver energetic work attitude large cash/check deposits expert customer service expert telephone inquiries specialist invoice processing adaptive team player telecommunication skills accomplishments customer assistance worked with systems such as live support and diligently completed all assigned tasks working overtime as needed. quality communication interacted with 50+ affiliate stations in us and puerto rico ensuring reliable and high-speed delivery to residential and small-business customers. computed data reports provided required weekly monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. customer service researched calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts. multi-tasking cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow. database maintenance assisted in the managing of the database and verified edited and modified members information. work experience customer advocate march 2010 to january 2011 responsible for working on the phone all day in a call center
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career overview macintosh consultant career overview macintosh expert with 20 years in technical and customer support roles. experience in back-end programming relational databases and development/maintenance of complex and critical systems. wireless system design for point-to-point networks. qualifications apple certified technical coordinator apple certified support professional apple certified associate mac integration apple certified help desk specialist apple certified macintosh technician certified alvarion system specialist technical help desk experience voip/telecom installation and support remote systems support network asset management accomplished with mobile devices skills apple support apple workstations apple servers ipad iphone mobile device management apple remote desktop xsan. network support open directory tcp/ip dhcp dns voip vpn afp smb ftp nfs san html php alvarion ubiquiti. software support filemaker pro filemaker server ms office suite adobe suite final cut pro maya. work experience consultant january 2004 to october 2014 worked with clients nationwide to analyze computing and network needs and install appropriate solutions within each organization s budget. served as database administrator for filemaker and filemaker server running on various operating systems.troubleshot and resolved internet connectivity and general software and hardware issues for macintosh and windows client and server machines. installed wired and wireless networks including point-to-point wireless and communication towers. installation and support
__label__CHEF executive chef professional summary executive chef professional summary a dynamic and accomplished catering and food service professional with prior work in social and corporate markets. notable successes in large scale event planning food production food preparation and menu development. currently seeking a management position in food service. skills conflict resolution leadership skills staff training premier ordering fms food management systems hospitality suite payroll and scheduling servsafe certification high energy vendor relations sysco/u.s foods performance assessments menu planning problem-solving strong work ethic work history executive chef 06/2016 to current inventoried food ingredient and supply stock to prepare and plan vendor orders. hired trained and managed all kitchen staff including employee development issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance reviews. incorporated customer feedback in the experimentation and creation of new signature dishes. monitored linework processes to ensure consistency in quality quantity and presentation. generated employee schedules work assignments and determined appropriate compensation rates. ensured personnel safety kitchen sanitation and proper food handling or storage. planned promotional menu additions based on seasonal pricing and product availability. executive chef 01/2015 to 03/2016 consistently verified that kitchen staff followed all recipes and portioned serving guidelines correctly. actively participated in staff meetings and operated as an effective management team leader. identified
__label__FITNESS registered nurse supervisor professional registered nurse supervisor professional objective registered nurse striving to deliver enthusiastic quality and compassionate care to patients through independent judgment and collaborating with healthcare providers. all to achieve shared patient and facility goals. education and training december 23 2011 bachelor of science nursing university of maryland baltimore school of nursing - nursing december 23 2009 associate of science nursing transfer studies anne arundel community college - nursing transfer studies august 2003 high school diploma broadneck high school - june 9 2007 professional experience 09/2013 to current registered nurse supervisor - 53 beds oversee and delegate responsibilities to a 5 lvn 4 rt and 4 cna staff on a 53 bed sub-acute unit to insure proper adherence to facility policies and procedures. perform complete comprehensive assessments on all admissions re-admissions and current residents. initiate maintain and administer all intravenous therapies as ordered per facility protocol. manage and monitor residents skin conditions to prevent breakdown and provide complete wound care as needed. relay any significant change of condition laboratory work and client concerns to physician and responsible party. advocate for each client through professional intuition proficient interdisciplinary communication and family and patient teaching. provide specialized care for residents status post varying degrees
__label__AVIATION storekeeper ii professional summary storekeeper ii professional summary the purpose of this document is to secure a responsible career position that fully utilizes educational knowledge and experience while contributing to the goals and values of this organization. having a friendly attitude and worm personality is an appreciated strong point as it aided in building positive relationships with customers. as a result repeat and satisfied customers were well known during career at pioneer packaging as well as while working for of peoria. helping people is one of my best characteristics. obtaining several years experience contacting vendors answering phones and face to face contact with the public and governmental personnel has honed my customer service abilities. problem solving skills and a positive work ethic makes communication easier. i am devoted and dedicated to serving in any way possible and strive to accomplish assigned tasks quickly and efficiently. exceptional people skills allow the ability to manage personnel and take care of conflicts disputes and other personal needs of employees. procurement and purchasing over 10 years processing purchase orders. primary vendor contact for inventory control and fleet parts room purchases. highly proficient utilizing inventory procurement practices and procedures. skills work history storekeeper ii january 2002 - january 2013
__label__DESIGNER information designer summary of information designer summary of qualifications strong leadership project management system administration and technical skills to meet the efficiency and optimization needs. has 3+ years of professional experience in managing developing and maintaining software systems web applications and database systems. experience in unix/linux system administration oracle database administration 11g mysql database administration ellucian banner erp and oracle application express apex .educated with solid math background and equipped with strong problem solving skills technical skills languages c c++ c#.net java python php mathematica oracle pl/sql mysql xhtml/css environment windows unix linux red hat windows server wamp lamp softwares ide toad for oracle sql developer visual studio eclipse netbeans dev-c++ notepad++ microsoft office experience information designer 09/2012 current luminis system administration - the luminis platform is a web portal system https /aggieaccess.cameron.edu that creates a common gateway to the information that students faculty and staff use every day. this system is running on t5220 server chief technical staff for maintaining university s website www.cameron.edu degreeworks administrator - implemented degreeworks application on linux server with backend oracle database with highly customized xml documents as frontend. degreeworks is a comprehensive web-based academic advising and degree audit tool that helps students and their advisors successfully navigate
__label__HR hr generalist experience 08/2017 hr generalist experience 08/2017 to current hr generalist recruited to help open new sales team in tx and nc guiding senior management on pay and. compensation for contract positions. worked with senior leadership to create hr policies and procedures recruit. employees updated hris system for tracking time and attendance pto benefits and employee applicant log . created training manual conducted job evaluations and analysis for created pay ranges and competencies. implemented programs and policies in the areas of training and development compensation structures new- employee orientation. cut payroll expenses by 16 by implementing a time clock system and policy company-wide and monitoring time and attendance. revised job descriptions and created competency checklists for 25 positions company-wide in three states. shadowed and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position. continued... 06/2015 to 05/2017 hr generalist partnered with employees and management to communicate carious hr policies procedures standards and. regulations. reviewed applications and paperwork/collected all necessary documents answered multiple phone lines greeted candidates conducted employment verification reference checks credit checks screened resumes scheduled and conducted interviews composed congratulatory letters. 10/2013 to 05/2015 owner / chef oversee daily operations of quaint catering specialized in
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary an accomplished consultant summary an accomplished and results-driven marketing and sales manager and professional with extensive experience in new business development branding customer relations account and people management training and development and new emerging and traditional media. leverages practical experience with strong communication skills working well with all levels of an organization. possesses a proven track record of turning underperforming business units into profit centers. a creative thinker and reliable producer who drives strategic initiatives from conceptualization through implementation. highlights business turnarounds b2b and b2c expertise consistently executes against objectives account management supervisory management excellent presentation skills project management analytical to ensure successful strategy social media nimble highly creative and visionary capabilities experience consultant 09/2001 to current founded and earned profits quickly through cold-calling client following bringing new ideas and new and emerging media into the mix e.g. social media online marketing campaigns . handled coordination day-to-day operations people management training strategic planning marketing strategy development local regional and major account management development and implementation of specialized marketing programs and strategies budgeting vendor procurement and client relations. stayed abreast of marketing and advertising trends. negotiated media buying by saving clients money e.g. saved one client over 200 000 .and maximized clients financial
__label__HEALTHCARE director new product research director new product research and r d liaison global oral healthcare r d consumer healthcare r d skill highlights skill set growth strategies/new opportunity identification and development scientific strategy/best practice/scientific excellence implementation strong technical expertise research and product development cross-functional experience regulatory affairs marketing licensing legal clinical etc. broad background in consumer healthcare otc s and medical devices proven record of new product development representing 1b+ sales ability to conduct and interpret consumer tests and translate consumer needs to products strong ideation innovation and claims generation skills leadership of cross-functional highly matrixed global teams extensive expertise in identification and development of high growth opportunities supervision of technical experts formulators and administrative staff of all levels extensive experience in open innovation licensing and outsourcing comprehensive network of global opinion leaders and track record in leveraging consultants strong negotiation skills world-recognized expert in oral healthcare r d working relationship with fda professional industry and research associations noteworthy accomplishments led the development of ept the world s first lateral diffusion stick-based pregnancy test developed the current formula for listerine the world s leading mouthwash led r d on numerous solid liquid and semi-solid dosage forms on global brands including rolaids benadryl sinutab lubriderm
__label__BANKING vice president of membership vice president of membership professional summary talented business development professional with over 10 years of experience in different facets of business development including sales marketing and product management. outstanding communicator with the natural ability to build and develop strategic relationships with key contacts including corporations foundations endowments and high-net worth individuals. proven track record securing new business. core qualifications proficient in the moves management fundraising process proficient in mac os windows vista and xp ms office word powerpoint excel access project and outlook advanced internet skills experience 01/2015 to current design a fund development plan using move management including social media campaign. manage a portfolio of manager donors and prospects. participate in various national events to promote the organization including national legislative days and united nation days. vice president of membership 06/2013 to current design implement and facilitate a strategic membership development plan collaborate with fundraising and public relations committees to further develop the brand of ncbw coordinate community relations activities implement and facilitate a strategic membership development plan for ncbw participate in various community events and projects to promote the organization manage membership retention and reclamation strategies. board of directors 06/2013 to current collaborate with sales and grow new
__label__CONSULTANT consultant core qualifications ganesh consultant core qualifications ganesh seetharaman is a senior it infrastructure specialist and ganesh has just finished an international project for a client and is looking for a role specializing in the solutions management. he has a masters in computer applications mca and is a seasoned technical specialist providing business infrastructure solutions services and support according to defined processes. his expertise includes project management implementation specialist weblogic server administration incident management database administration oracle cloud operations people management itil service management oracle enterprise manager operations management change management aws process capability technical support for 24x7 systems database administration exadata x5-2 x4-2 x3-2 oracle database 10g/11g middleware administration oracle weblogic server 10.3.6 10.3.5 oracle application server oracle management server primavera operating system linux hp-unix solaris windows database tools em rac rman data guard awr/addm tkprof sqldeveloper other tools excel ms project visio f5 bigip global traffic manager testing tools win runner quick test pro professional experience 07/2016 consultant collaborate with clients customers to ensure successful implementations which includes. implement oem 12c setup apply bp plugins performance monitoring notification set up. install/upgrade/patch oracle database performance tuning. install/upgrade/patch oracle weblogic servers deploy applications. 12/2014 - 06/2016 project manager led teams across broad technical financial
__label__CONSULTANT consultant summary friendly and consultant summary friendly and enthusiastic job title with number years of specialization in type of restaurant . able to learn new tasks quickly and proficient in growing key customer relationships. represent establishment with friendly professional demeanor at all times. highlights detail-oriented team player with strong leadership advising consulting and problem resolution skills. offer valuable experience in sales and customer service along with prospecting and account retention. maintain excellent interpersonal communication strategic and tactical problem solving skills. excellence in salesforce crm microsoft dynamics crm and microsoft office suite. proficient in adobe suite. accomplishments dean s list for academic honors fall 1998 through summer 2002 experience 01/2015 - current consultant to transform business operations and to achieve business goals through use of dnb tools and crm integration. planned and led meetings with executives delivered a variety of presentations for numerous initiatives ensuring program alignment with expected targets. transformed business operations and contributed over 8m in revenue by fy13q2 to achieve business goals. consultant to transform business operations and to achieve business goals. design manage and deploy complex high-risk technical customer solutions from conception to production. 01/2011 - 01/2014 senior business consultation acquisitions new business acquisition and consulting led 24 x 7 operations
__label__AVIATION aviation camp assistant profile aviation camp assistant profile highly motivated and results-oriented individual seeking an internship as an aerospace engineer at northrop grumman. special interests include unmanned aerial vehicles aeronautical development and design structural analysis and in related areas inside a competitive environment where i will use my experience to best serve the needs of the company. skills matlab avl c programming microsoft word microsoft excel microsoft powerpoint professional experience october 2013 to current collaborating with others to meet mission requirements and accomplish objectives provided by the northrop grumman aerospace company. part of the unmanned aerial vehicle simulations team constructing models of the uavs in order to obtain important aerodynamic properties to perform flight test simulations. worked directly with the uavs to take accurate measurements in order to model it. designed accurate aerodynamic models of the uavs using the program avl a program for the aerodynamic and flight-dynamic analysis of rigid aircraft of arbitrary configuration. modeled all lifting surfaces control surfaces and fuselage. created data and run files of mass properties corresponding with each uav. executed the run files for each uav in order to obtain a full linearization of the aerodynamic model about any flight with specified mass properties. extracted stability-axis derivatives that
__label__CONSULTANT principal consultant professional summary principal consultant professional summary financial/business analyst with over fifteen years of experience in the financial sector. proven problem solver specializing in operational workflow designing and streamlining. deliverer of best practices as subject matter expert in front middle and back office workflows. innovative thinker in identifying and remedying gaps between business processes and technology. detailed knowledge of traded financial instruments. challenge taker goal oriented highly motivated and competent self-starter eager to contribute in a dynamic environment. mba experience principal consultant apr 2015 to current conducts presentations demonstrating best practices trade life cycle processing to prospective capital markets clients. prepares project definition that details the scope of work to be done resources to be deployed timeframes and benchmarks. prepares gap analysis outlining deficiencies in current processes and develops business specifications that defines a technical solution. assesses workflows and recommends alternatives to achieving transparency efficiency and a reduction in operational risk for capital market instruments. designs accounting schemas fasb and ifrs compliant for financial instruments including fixed income securities derivatives fx equities and commodities. provides consulting services as a subject matter expert sme regarding capital market front-to-back processing and financial reporting. senior consultant sep 2006 to mar 2015 provided pre-sales consulting services in
__label__TEACHER teacher professional background certified teacher professional background certified nursing assistant with experience serving chronically ill patients including assisting with daily living activities and household tasks. patient and highly compassionate. skilled at wound care mobility assistance and charting. highly flexible and willing to work weekends. flexible and experienced in catheter insertion and removal as well as tubule feedings and medications. skill highlights understands mobility assistance needs charting expertise able to lift 50 pounds understands medical procedures trained in grooming and bathing assistance hipaa compliance strong work ethic trained in catheter change and preparation general housekeeping ability valid pennsylvania driver s license enthusiastic caregiver feeding assistance specialist cpr/bls certified experienced in obtaining/charting vital signs professional experience teacher 02/2015 to current employed a variety of materials for children to explore and manipulate in learning activities and imaginative play. read stories to the children and taught them painting drawing and crafts. carefully monitored children s play activities. offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child s activities. incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression. maintained daily records of activities behaviors meals and naps. routinely picked children up from school and activities. created and implemented a developmentally appropriate curriculum that accommodated all learning styles. familiarized parents
__label__CONSTRUCTION laborer summary to utilize laborer summary to utilize the knowledge and experience to obtain a management level position in an organization leveraging my abilities to increase the success of the organization that in return allows advancement and personal achievement. highlights dependable and reliable worker ability to assess and solve problems quickly extensive experience with project management self-starter and able to maintain motivation with little/no supervision works well as team lead or member of a group detail oriented vastly creative quick adaptation to new tasks or direction ability to work in stressful conditions ability to multi-task in fast pace environment ability to successfully meet project deadlines organized highly motivated accomplishments army commendation medal-received 4 times van autreve award runner-up experience february 2015 to current laborer laborer duties consisted of forming and pouring concrete for sidewalks floors commercial parking lots and walls. able to load and unload material grading and digging while operating a skid loader. while working for nehring i maintained a level of safety and completed projects on time. i have the ability to read and understand blue prints and implement any onsite changes that may be required. march 2007 to april 2015 engineer main duties included management and motivation of 13 soldiers development
__label__TEACHER associate teacher accomplishments bachelor associate teacher accomplishments bachelor of science in management and business the marshall award 2007 the barbara hume memorial award 2011 coach s award 2007 the rev. b.w. pete woodward jr. prize 2010 coached hunter forward kristen markoe cunyac player of the year experience january 2014 to january 2015 associate teacher aintain safe classroom setting while fostering a positive and engaging learning environment m a g develop daily lesson plans for 5 nd 6 rade reason and rhetoric th th teach students weekly vocabulary words and writing techniques using nonfiction articles led and guide students in classroom discussions lead co curricular programs such as recess lunch and study hall closely monitor the academic and social lives of seventh grade boys january 2012 to january 2014 head coach girls varsity basketball anage recruitment and enrollment of prospective students from the new england area new york montreal new jersey m philadelphia maryland chicago virginia and florida develop contacts with feeder schools sports programs coaches and educational consultants act as the athletic liaison for the admission office attend regional and national admission events to attract prospective students and families coordinate and manage daily tour guides for prospective families and arrange for coaches to meet
__label__AVIATION software engineering co-op summary software engineering co-op summary highly skilled and accomplished computer software specialist with more than 7+ years of technical experience in programming development across multiple platforms software design development and integration. advanced knowledge of mysql css c++ with expertise in all aspects of the software development life cycle including requirements analysis design development and production support. experienced software developer dedicated to constantly improving tools and infrastructure to maximize productivity minimize system downtime and quickly respond to the changing needs of the business which does not exclude an intensive background in develop testing and debugging code designing interfaces and administrating systems and networks. tenacious hard worker self-directed and motivated great leadership skills able to work as a team and adaptable to a quick changing technical environment. highlights mysql postgresql sqlite nosql leveldb programming languages c c++ perl php python go javascript bash sql visual basic .net other languages css html xml markdown regular expression sass operating systems linux unix tools netbeans vim visual studio ms visio ms access wordpress git google analytics docker microsoft office package strengths include full life software life cycle development expert programming and designing software testing / troubleshooting / advance critical thinking database object oriented development website design
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant professional summary bilingual accountant professional summary bilingual accounting professional with additional expertise in automated systems and general ledger. an analytical detail-oriented organized planner who performs well in a project setting and who communicates effectively with all levels of management. additionally has past experience in pubic accounting. education masters accounting university of florida us bachelor business administration florida international university us associate of arts liberal arts miami dade college usa certifications cpa of florida skill highlights language and writing skills bilingual spanish fluent speak read and write computer skills microsoft office including word excel power point outlook publisher quickbooks tax software business skills interpersonal skills analytical detail-oriented thoroughness organizational skills and coordination office equipment such as copiers calculators printers and scanners professional experience accountant apr 2012 to current reconciled various general ledger fund accounts and prepared various specialty reports as well as documenting operational procedures ascertained accuracy of financial reporting to board of directors through review and correction of month end and annual financial reports recorded monthly transactions through posting of deposits bank debits and posting of journal entries for month end closing brought uniformity of reporting for association of churches by assisting in standardizing chart of accounts which would be used in financial
__label__FINANCE director of finance professional director of finance professional summary progressive financial and managerial experience in not-for-profit and for-profit organizations. primary financial contact with board of directors presenting financial and statistical reports to members with varying degrees of financial knowledge. accountable for financial management of 15m not-for-profit health center with responsibility of financial reporting investment reporting budget preparation in collaboration with senior management staff supervision and coaching and financial systems. comprehensive expertise with non-profit organizations with multiple programs and cost centers. experienced with fund accounting and reporting requirements based on government regulations contractual language and donor restrictions. preparation and explanation of net assets summarized by unrestricted temporarily restricted and permanently restricted. prepare reporting and summarization of ongoing capital campaign. extensive experience with relevant financial software applications including conversions and upgrades. currently working with blackbaud financial edge and raiser s edge. skills accounting computerized accounting general accounting accounts payable accounts receivable trial balance banking benefits billing budgets budget cancer cash management closing coaching contracts client customer service decision making documentation senior management filing finance financial financial analysis financial audits financial statements prepare financial statements funds general ledger grants human resource insurance interpretation investments legal director meetings mentoring excel microsoft office office negotiating operating system payroll payroll
__label__ARTS production assistant intern summary production assistant intern summary energetic and dedicated film student currently completing degree in media management and production. strong interests in creative development character writing and acting. experience production assistant intern oct 2015 to jan 2016 assist casting directors producers and actors with audition process organize schedules video and audio files handle cameras and various production equipment assisting with setup for printer and profiling assist with locked computer account social media relations intern/ teacher assistant jul 2015 to dec 2015 collect and retrieve data research and aggregate content for media literacy week event social media community engager manage press release and social media post schedules social media creative distributor teacher assistant to professor at csun in mass communications research maintain blog tracking and social media calendars software troubleshooting outlook email support hardware troubleshooting printers desktop units laptop units cell phones and tablets calling business clients schedule meetings document information data collection martial arts instructor jun 2011 to jan 2014 provide self defense training to students of various ages ranging from k-12 to adults answer incoming and outgoing phone calls provide customer support attend weekly marketing and business instructor meetings attend and assist with community marketing events skills /interests skills microsoft office
__label__HEALTHCARE r healthcare customer service r healthcare customer service representative summary customer care representative position where my customer relations experience can be fully utilized to improve customer satisfaction and enhance the brand name. skills telecommunications knowledge strong problem solving ability high customer service standards active listening skills customer service expert telecommunication skills reatail and corporate microsoft office proficiency time management excellent communication skills strong problem solver hipaa compliance type 60 wpm experience healthcare customer service representative oct 2011 to current handle inbound calls from customers with inquiries and questions regarding their health insurance wellness programs prescription plans and help provide the best solutions for the customers health and financial well-being. assist in program development with new products and/or services. process one-time checking and credit card by phone payments. evaluate information and options and select the alternative that best meet the requirement of the issue s presented. custodian may 2010 to dec 2011 ensured spaces were prepared for the next day by taking out trash tidying furniture and dusting surfaces. swept and mopped floors and vacuumed carpets. washed and sanitized toilets sinks and showers and restocked disposables. secured facilities after operating hours by locking doors closing windows and setting up the alarm. customer service manager may
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS account manager highlights excellent account manager highlights excellent verbal and written communication skills ability to successfully complete multiple tasks concurrently superior organization skills exemplary interpersonal skills punctual and reliable exceptional computer proficiency microsoft office word access powerpoint excel internet research social media cisionpoint events programs 2012 academy award gifting suite experience account manager february 2013 to current enter advertising insertion orders into online systems salesforce fattail create monthly advertiser reports - reporting advertisement metrics schedule online advertisements and newsletters throughout the year manage forecast and budget reports travel to tradeshows and represent the brand assist with monthly billing work on advertising proposals and competitive reports manage distribution and circulation of print pull online advertisement data from database ims create presentations event invites product decks. media coordinator june 2012 to january 2013 coordinate review and edit various portions of 50+ domestic and international medical trade digital publications including e-newsletters product showcases supplier bulletins trade-show advisories etc. manage ad materials for newsletters with advertisers including requesting ad materials from advertisers and ensuring deadlines are met considering review edit and deployment schedules coordinate all advertisements including text copy and digital medial for all e-newsletters to ready for production/publication process and log ad materials into internal ad tracking
__label__TEACHER teacher summary thank you teacher summary thank you for taking the time to read this. i am presenting you this resume to express my interest in a social studies teaching position at your school. my experience in the social studies field includes bachelor s degrees in criminology political science as well as secondary social science education. highlights valid and current teaching certification in california as well as florida. urban public schools background. one of the schools i have experience in was a title 1 school in hollywood florida. coaching experienced with cross country and track. creative lesson planning critical thinker adept classroom manager experiential learning self-motivated fast learner positive and encouraging bilingual in farsi and english data-driven curriculum expertise documentation can be provided upon request. smart board familiarity accomplishments helped campaign for school partners in education. brought in local businesses to partner with school to fund student activities. developed innovative classroom management tools which were implemented on a large scale for the teachers among the school. experience teacher august 2014 to current created interactive and engaging lessons that aligned with the standards set by the state. collaborated in professional learning communities which partnered with other social studies teachers as well as other departments within
__label__ARTS 6 - 8 language 6 - 8 language arts grade teacher summary enthusiastic language arts educator seeking growth as an education specialist within a school that is dedicated to the academic and socio-emotional success of its student population. core qualifications motivating students learning style assessment active listening skills differentiated instruction experience working with special needs students classroom management effectively work with parents clear public speaking skills achievements student development increased 6th grade language arts standardized test scores by 20 analyzing pre and post data and by introducing more effective learning techniques such as technology integration and student-run lesson plans. increased 95 of 6th grade reading comprehension scores of students reading on 4th and 5th grade level to on or above grade level by the end of the school year with a program called voyager reading used for targeting weaknesses. education strategies employed journalism writing techniques to 8th graders during instruction to improve the development of writing essays and 95 of students mastered the standard of learning exam for the first time in four years the school was in improvement status. counseling served as student mentor for students when academic problems and personal adjustments arose meeting with guardians to reach solutions and making recommendations to
__label__BANKING project coordinator highlights skill project coordinator highlights skill summary i have well developed time management skills i work to a very high standard with an eye for detail goal orientated. i have excellent communicate skills i establish and maintain effective cooperative working relationships with people of all levels i am enthusiastic passionate motivated honest a reliable team player i work from a strength base focused in problem solving i have well developed computer skills in ms office excel power point and internet. i actively look for opportunities to develop my skill base. experience project coordinator current develop/maintain project schedule information - using ms project 2013 managing day to day work priorities of the project manager and the team facilitating project resources - using demand supply tool develop/maintain risk registers and escalating issues - using communication with stakeholders managing the budget for the project - using sap guri facilitate meetings event management for training meetings for the team and stakeholders monthly reporting to investment board and portfolio office previous telecom nz ltd - business process co-ordinator set up new wbse for capex and opex projects arrange set up new activity codes for new employees health safety rep for the team coordinate staff moving to a
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary with 11 years of diverse managerial and marketing experience penetrating in domestic and international markets including manufacturing engineering food and it i have honed my communication and marketing research abilities to gauge demand for products and explore new clients. having managed several big projects i have learnt to maintain equanimity under pressure and achieve goals both as a cross functional team member and individual contributor. skills determined team player. versatile sales techniques. team building time management skills with ability to prioritize results. proficient in powerpoint word excel and online survey tools. ms access oracle basic operating systems windows 95/98/2000/xp/vista/nt servers ms dos linux mac os x erp basic sap r/3 sap pp sap mm knowledge software/ applications internet explorer outlook outlook express quickbooks editing tools adobe photoshop corel draw general productivity ms office project management tools microsoft word excel powerpoint experience business development manager february 2015 to may 2017 responsibilities in project 1 . closed 200 million deal for fabrication and welding work of burners with reliance industries india in partnership with precision industries inc. la usa . oversaw all aspects of new plant development and after work at rajkot india . saved 20 million for
__label__SALES sales associate summary experienced sales associate summary experienced manager at hyvee grocery store with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences. self-motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with minimal supervision. demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. detail-oriented and organized transportation logistics coordinator offers comprehensive background in transportation management. expert in transportation operations waste prevention and safety compliance. hyvee with broad background including management customer service and general warehouse operations. vast experience in all aspects of loading and transporting materials. resourceful hyvee and retech with 2 years hyvee and retech 1year in warehouse and inventory management. specializes in increasing efficiency and accuracy in shipping and receiving operations. hyvee and retech trained in supply chain management with extensive knowledge of enterprise deployment systems. hardworking specializing in efficient loading of merchandise and on-time deliveries. versed in all operational and financial aspects of fleet management quality control inventory control and customer service. successful 16+ year career in shipping and supply chain management. dynamic and results-oriented delivery professional specializing in business operations and transportation management. excels in organized recordkeeping and client relations. demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite
__label__APPAREL assistant store manager of assistant store manager of operations and human resources highlights skills / strengths computer peoplesoft kronos payroll management system microsoft word excel access and powerpoint entry level html professional excellent communicator motivator and decision maker strong analytical and problem solving skills ability to handle multiple task and lead to completion strong public speaker accomplishments wall street journal award in economics and finance2010 civic club scholarship 2008 kohl s territory finalist for manager in training competition 2012 experience assistant store manager of operations and human resources may 2014 to current 05/2014 to present 5241 mcfarland drive durham nc 27707 supervisor stacyanne belsky stacyanne.belsky kohls.com not available for contact 919 489-1116 60 hours per week 48 750/year assistant store manager of operations and human resources retail volume approx 15.5 million operations manages stores payroll projections productivity and controllable expenses in relation to sales trend review scheduled vs. workload reports and directs area supervisors to edit schedules to workload oversee truck unload process to ensure standards are being met lead the replenishment best practice merchandise location system to maximize efficiency and execution. provide general oversight of building and equipment maintenance and upkeep coordinate local and corporate resources to ensure ongoing and preventative maintenance of
__label__BANKING svp business banking executive svp business banking executive profile executive banker with experience in all facets of banking growth strategy retail and commercial operations business development and sales and marketing all with an entrepreneurial spirit. a macro-level thinker with a proven track record for structuring and negotiating sound credit-worthy business and building strong teams able to meet company-wide financial goals. professional experience july 2015 to current svp business banking aub was founded in 2006 by a diverse group of los angeles-based entrepreneurs whose vision included serving the banking needs of small- and medium-sized businesses in metropolitan los angeles and its surrounds. directly responsible for the bank s business banking group a 55 million production p/l budget - cre c i asset based lending and sba. manage the bank s private banking high-net-worth clientele portfolio totaling some 75 million. supervise the credit administration process at the bbg level. quickly assess a financial package that is highly complex and contains numerous sources of cash flow. responsible for the strategic sales plan marketing and hiring of staff. oversee training and monitor team performance to instill and maintain the integrity of the business development process. present monthly sales and forecast reporting directly to the board of directors. manager
__label__FITNESS adventure run coordinator career adventure run coordinator career focus i am a fitness enthusiast and enjoy living a healthy and active lifestyle. i currently oversee and coordinate many aspects of events in the running community which has made me efficient a quick problem solver and very attentive to a customers needs or concerns. core qualifications time efficient encouraging organized active self-motivated energetic hard worker goal oriented education and training bachelor of arts psychology sociology may 2013 arizona university united states gpa gpa 2.3 gpa 3.0 2.3 gpa 3.0 minor-sociology interests being active in the community. setting fitness and running oriented goals and achieving them. i signed up for a full 140.6 ironman in arizona in 2014 and successfully completed it in november 2015. i enjoy running long distances cycling hiking swimming and anything outdoors or that involves being active. i also enjoy helping others through charity projects events and fundraising. skills have experience working on multiple different pos systems microsoft excel and other organization sites used for scheduling. also very experienced with g-drive and all its applications. i am a quick and efficient problem solver when hit with an issue whether it being working under a short time frame or scheduling and unexpected issues
__label__AVIATION operations technician 1 summary operations technician 1 summary multi-faceted mechanical engineering student with background in ordnance and small arms handling . strong technical proficiency with work history in a maintenance/ operations environment. in-depth knowledge of ms office software coupled with administrative and customer service related abilities. completely dedicated to efficiently completing tasks in an organized timely manner. skills experience in leadership quantitative skills improvement plan knowledge ability to analyze reports problem resolution team player organization communication ms office working collaboratively quality assurance controls data evaluation intuitive multitasking capabilities attention to detail experience operations technician 1 - 07/2020 - current tracked completion of objectives according to quality control standards and work-related timelines. maintained physical equipment functions to meet productivity goals according to internal and external compliance initiatives. recorded compliance maintenance physical storage and safety considerations to assist organizational documentation for future stage planning. identified operational and performance issues and worked with managers to resolve concerns. recommended process and systems improvements such as changes to beverage production operations. successfully produced and packaged over 300 000 cases of gatorade in accordance with pepsico standards. diagnosed and repaired mechanical issues according to industry standards. performed general maintenance on machinery and equipment to prevent malfunctions. diagnosed problems with mechanical
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT director global business development director global business development summary scott kachelek is a sales and business development executive with more than 15 years experience in large commercial and government digital led lighting projects immersive cinema technologies and commercial printing control systems. key personal traits include proactive ... strives for continual improvement without supervision. creative ... thinks of unique ways to solve problems and improve products or processes. outgoing... interacts easily with others for lasting business relationships. analytical... analyzes the facts in detail and makes a timely decision. persistent... sticks with long term projects to see through to completion. culturally aware... embraces diversity and is sensitive to similarities/differences. highlights cross region international projects competitive analysis sales strategy partner relationships business process improvement public presentations functional spanish functional japanese accomplishments key player in growing a business from 25 million sales to 150 million. maintained 50 integral gross margin on product portfolio in spite of severe competition. managed a cross functional team of 5 professionals and worked across 33 international sales organizations. traveled to and conducted business in more than 30 countries. sold and managed projects up to 6 million value. developed and supported over 20 value added resellers. experience director global business development 06/2015 to current
__label__DESIGNER creative graphic designer summary creative graphic designer summary after reviewing your post with much interest please take into consideration my qualifications and work experiences in your search. as an exceptionally versatile graphic designer/artist with 19 years of expertise in marketing advertising packaging and publishing working for a variety of industries in medical education b2c and corporate. my objective now is to find a position that will utilize my abilities challenge and expand upon my creativeness and knowledge while i provide my artistic assets in art and design to the benefit of an organization such as yours. my skill set includes designing from concept all the way through to production high-end catalogs advertisements brochures trade show graphics posters packaging direct mailers presentations medical journals educational books and more. utilizing adobe cs6 acrobat professional and i-books author. in addition to microsoft office various databases time management and soft-skill applications on both mac and pc operating systems. from the school of visual arts i received a bachelor of fine arts with a major in illustration and a minor in computer arts. i am a resourceful reliable self-starter whether collaborating within a team environment or working independently with minimal supervision. every assignment big or small is performed with
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist professional information technology specialist professional summary seeking to obtain a career in information assurance with a focus on cyber network defense seeking to obtain a career in information assurance with a focus on cyber network defense seeking to obtain a career in information assurance with a focus on cyber network defense skills desktops ethernet cables cisco routers video sound cards cd-rom drives multiplexors scanners monitors switches tcp/ip configuration installing adding and deleting user accounts with active directory strong software and application knowledge such as avaya microsoft office and remedy experience with information technology service management itsm desktops ethernet cables cisco routers video sound cards cd-rom drives multiplexors scanners monitors switches tcp/ip configuration installing adding and deleting user accounts with active directory strong software and application knowledge such as avaya microsoft office and remedy experience with information technology service management itsm experience with information technology strong software and application knowledge such as avaya microsoft office and remedy installing adding and deleting user accounts with active directory ethernet cables video sound cards cd-rom drives multiplexors scanners monitors switches tcp/ip configuration installing adding and deleting user accounts with active directory strong software and application knowledge such as avaya microsoft office and remedy experience with
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology intern test information technology intern test automation engineer summary over 3 years of experience serving as a key contributor across all software development life cycle phases including analysis architectural design prototyping development and testing of application using java/j2ee technologies in various domains. very good understanding of object oriented programming data structure algorithms design patterns and distributed systems. excellent working experience in backend development using different spring modules like spring core container module aop mvc security data transaction management etc. experienced in developing microservices with spring boot spring rest spring cloud etc. extensive experience in developing web interfaces using html5 css3 bootstrap sass less javascript jquery angularjs reactjs and backbonejs. experienced in working with sql databases like mysql postgresql oracle and have some knowledge of nosql databases like mongodb. expertise working in agile methodology environments like scrum. experienced in working with version control tools like svn and git. experienced in performing automation using selenium java and performing behavioral driven testing using cucumber. experienced in build tools like ant maven gradle and using them with continuous integration tools like jenkins. a proactive learner with exceptional analytical design and problem-solving capabilities. excellent communication skills including formal presentations and technical documentation. productive in both team-based and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT sr. business development director sr. business development director accomplishments cyber security classified systems - department of defense held top secret secret clearances windows server networks disaster recovery microsoft office applications guest teacher lee county schools career counseling high school and college level low vision support software guide zoom text jaws support classroom lecture training on aviation and commercial business topics eh s tier 1 2 auditor private pilot. professional summary top producing sales professional and expert in the aerospace industry. dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and expectations. motivated business developer with solid experience managing all levels of large-scale projects including budgeting and administration. client-focused sales representative with 8+ years of providing solutions to customers. solid understanding of the systems and program areas . skills risk management processes and analysis team leadership staff development project management self-motivated process implementation powerful negotiator extremely organized client assessment and analysis budgeting and finance strong verbal communication team liaison conflict resolution work history sr. business development director 01/2014 to current manage and develop business relations with insurance marketplace clients sales. direct sales team with software sales nationally. consult clients to assess technology requirements and advise on software to address their needs. lead project management for complete life cycle
__label__CONSULTANT consultant education and training consultant education and training master of health administration 2015 university of missouri master of science health informatics and bioinformatics 2015 university of missouri health informatics and bioinformatics bachelor of science business administration - marketing 2011 university of missouri business administration - marketing skills healthcare analytics 4 years physician engagement 2 years project management 4 years consulting 2 years sales 5 years marketing strategy 4 years tableau 2 years excel 5 years excel 5 years public speaking 5 years machine learning 2 years financial analysis 5 years databases 1 year sql 1 year business development 3 years business intelligence 2 years user experience design 2 years experience consultant jun 2015 to current inception design sales and implementation of consulting services in over 15 hospitals across the us. produce and execute work plans to achieve clinical operational and financial improvement initiatives. develop rapport with hospital executives hospital staff and physicians to foster hi-performance teams. analyze financial patient experience throughput and quality data to develop clear strategic actions plans. presents clearly and concisely to physicians and executives to persuade and drive change. train new analyst and consultants in analytic tools such as mysql excel tableau and weka. assist in the development design and
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager summary business development manager summary energetic motivated and organized sales representative with results in the oil and gas industry. accomplished professional with strong background in technical sales and product development. highlights excellent communicator excellent sales techniques strategic account development exceptional customer service skills upselling and consultative selling relationship selling skilled multi-tasker proven sales track record accomplishments created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in a 30 increase in monthly sales. increased revenue 42 in 2015 . collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development. increased sales volume by adding 8 new accounts in the assigned territory. experience business development manager jun 2010 to feb 2012 increased overall product line sales by 32 overall. increased overall sales revenue at weatherford and baker hughes by 40 . responsible for sales within high temperature high pressure applications. secured sales contracts with baker hughes halliburton and weatherford resulting in profit increasing by 21 . global sales manager jan 2009 to jan 2016 created a strategic sales plan that allowed product development to increase in profit margins by more than 14 . increased revenue by 20 within 1 year by building and strengthening relationships with existing
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY senior information technology manager senior information technology manager executive summary results-focused information technology management professional offering twenty-two years of progressive leadership experience. transforms high-potential staff into outstanding leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to both financial and operational success. accomplished manager with extensive experience in front-of-house and back-of-house operations. proven ability to cut costs and decrease staff turnover. cultivates a culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns as well as contributing new ideas that drive growth by challenging others beyond just doing the work but to bring creativity ownership and pride i the work we do. core qualifications operations management staff development change management cross-functional team management supervision and training sound judgment computer-savvy calm under pressure complex problem solving professional experience senior information technology manager jan 2000 to jan 2016 program manager that drove and finalized a major project initiative consisting of migrating 13 000 exchange on-premise mail users/accounts to cloud based services office 365 program manager responsible for implementation and management of systems that allow asset/lease reporting enterprise backup patch management and application distribution to over 10 000 pc s globally utilizing cloud based solutions. it lead role and stakeholder in reducing our global data
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional profile to consultant professional profile to obtain a tax accountant position that offers me the opportunity to actively apply the knowledge and skills developed during my 9-year career in an international company. qualifications microsoft word outlook onesource onenote corptax oracle peoplesoft cch bna excel - pivot tables vlookup experience july 2015 to september 2015 consultant projections and forecastings analysis foreign source income sec 904 foreign tax credit 6166 and w-8ben transfer pricing assist with the preparation of forms 5471 and 8858s. prepare and ensure accuracy and timeliness of multi-state tax returns for corporations including supporting information and schedules gather data required to determine taxable income apportionment between the various states assist in the improvement of procedures within the tax department in order to improve overall efficiency and accuracy. assist in tax related projects. march 2010 to january 2015 senior tax accountant reviewed the u.s. foreign tax credit and related calculations under sec. 901 including foreign tax receipts computing foreign source income under sec. 904 tracking tax carry forwards and overall foreign loss reviewed separate and consolidated foreign tax credit for u.s. income tax return form 1118 including sourcing of income and allocation and apportionment of expenses reviewed separate and consolidated u.s form
__label__ADVOCATE health coach www.linkedin.com/in/caitlinmaska truefoodandwellness.com health coach www.linkedin.com/in/caitlinmaska truefoodandwellness.com professional summary driven and compassionate health and wellness professional with eight years of experience. accountable organized and responsible with a strong focus in health education clinical nutrition and exercise physiology. education and training master of science applied clinical nutrition 2014 new york chiropractic college outstanding academic achievement overall gpa 4.0 master of science exercise science 2008 university of new york at buffalo outstanding academic achievement overall gpa 3.87 bachelor of arts biology 2004 university of new york at geneseo professional experience health coach mar 2012 to current - provide health coaching to employees of multiple corporate clients e.g. procter gamble the hartford . - collaborate with participants using motivational interviewing and an evidence-based approach to develop a health goal and action plan geared towards behavior change. clinical nutritionist and exercise physiologist owner aug 2011 to current - promote awareness of current health and wellness research news and content through social media. - provide nutritional consultation and exercise prescriptions to clients. speaker/health educator jul 2011 to current - present health and wellness seminars. - perform biometric assessments i.e. height weight bmi body fat percentage and review lab results e.g. cholesterol and blood glucose . health educator jun
__label__AVIATION entrepreneur general manager summary entrepreneur general manager summary over 17 years experience in airport operations safety and training with an extensive knowledge of the applicable federal rules and regulations affecting the safe and efficient operations of far part 139 certified airport. experienced in accident investigation and analysis to develop action plans and initiatives to address accident trends. experienced in transportation management and gas station management with a profound ability to plan organize coordinate prioritize assign and evaluate the work of subordinate employees. immense ability to prepare accurate plans cost estimates and reports. uncommon ability to make accurate computations and cost projections sound ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing and to prepare reports of a complex technical nature. proficient in research writing case management and client relations. highlights collective bargaining techniques public policy background data collection and analysis exceptional organizational skills safety policy development analytical thinker mediation project management creative problem solver contracts accomplishments planned and implemented an online training that saved thousands of dollars on overtime payments and facilitated the compliance of required recurrent training programs. spearheaded the 0 runway incursions program during a runway renumbering during miami international airport expansion project reducing and eliminating runway incursion during that period. implemented
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY it support technician education it support technician education bachelor of science may 2014 william woods university gpa gpa 3.4 management information systems gpa 3.4 summary experience in network/hardware/operating system troubleshooting web page design pc assembly technical support and customer service. analytical helpdesk technician adept at resolving complex issues. critical thinker who addresses customer support issues quickly and who consistently exceeds performance standards. experience it support technician 12/2014 to current provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems software and hardware. respond to queries either in person or over the phone. vast troubleshooting capabilities with ios. train computer users maintain daily performance of computer systems. process an average of 15-20 inbound and outbound technical support calls daily network assistant intern 01/2014 to 05/2014 assisted university network administrator with daily tasks including wireless vdi patchwork network infrastructure hardware management and server room operations. technology assistant intern 08/2013 to 05/2014 maintained 489 page university website managed and completed daily work orders for university help desk attended weekly administrative technology meetings relating to technology problems/solutions. managed/deployed hardware and software to student body as well as faculty. projects project leader on all projects website development business communications advanced web entrepreneurship database management project.management
__label__FINANCE finance specialist summary strategic finance specialist summary strategic finance accounting professional with experience in extensive contracts analytics financial statement reporting budget optimization and customer service. financial skill set attributes of keen attention to line itemization deadline committed and a dedicated business partner to internal and external customers to ensure optimal organizational objectives are met. highlights credit accounts payables/receivables management pricing and cost reduction strategies finance procurement forecasting volume dead net gross profit p l reporting trade spend marketing budgets contract management risk analysis financial business planning analysis career accomplishments formally recognized by national account executives for excellence in financial analysis budgeting forecasting and customer service. achieved 10 pricing submission reduction by eliminating pricing resubmissions creating departmental pricing authorization training guide. reduced system liability through identification of checkbook percentages of volume conversions. created a checkbook reconciliation process training guide. reduced invoice processing down to 10 days. pilot for customer mass data uploads. territory divestiture collaboration process restated volume file creation. experience june 2013 to february 2015 finance specialist forecasting business partner providing key business insights and recommendations to influence key stake holders based upon sales performance and variance research on actual versus forecast volume 12m cases funding and dead net gross profit 58m to national
__label__CHEF store chef summary restaurant store chef summary restaurant professional executive chef /sous chef /chef manager position proponent leader in healthy cuisine and passionate food - service. 4 star 4 diamond resorts hotels spa country club customer service / team educator / multi - unit manager. menu and recipe development writing and implementing operational standards and procedures event planning and execution labor management purchasing and inventory controls cost management budget formulation p l management and forecasting increasing efficiency through innovative and decisive ways while ensuring a high level of guest satisfaction multi-unit management skills concept creation and menu enhancement incorporating trending foods and flavors resulting in 15 up to 20 average annual sales increase across all venues development and execution of standards and procedures resulting in improved labor performance and decreased labor cost of 4 annually and 20 over 5 year period experienced public speaker on subjects ranging from food and cooking to healthy lifestyle tips and practices for multiple audiences including corporate college students elementary school children and senior citizens creating and implementing health-promoting food service programs for corporate dining clients kroger s supermarket nutritional menu development and recipe analysis for improved health results for long-term stay guests developed chef training programs teaching healthy
__label__FITNESS sales associate professional summary sales associate professional summary jack of all trades who enjoys daily challenges and seeks opportunity to learn and improve skills skills abilities management punctual possessing outstanding time management skills thorough understanding of fundamental retail store operations sales regularly assisted customers in locating and selecting products in a professional manner thorough understanding of fundamental retail store operations communication has taken multiple professionalism and communications courses possesses the ability to calmly speak with angry or dissatisfied customers with dignity and respect critical thinker with exceptional problem solving abilities leadership has received years of quality leadership and learned the best techniques to lead and supervise from the best and worst leaders experience general labor/apprentice obx fire tech nov2014-dec2014 listen to customer complaint about fire truck simulate operating conditions that caused the complaint to recreate the complaint issue diagnose actual problems and use hand or power tools to alleviate issues maintain good customer relations leave work area and trucks in as clean or cleaner conditions than found grill closer mcdonalds sep2014-nov2014 use provided equipment to cook meat prepare sandwiches as ordered maintain cleanliness of work area close and clean area as the store closed general labor southern scapes landscaping jun2014-aug2014 operate hand and power
__label__CONSTRUCTION construction worker objective web construction worker objective web developer recent graduate and highly motivated 15 year veteran of the construction industry looking to build a new career in the web development field. passionate about taking a vision and making it a reality. seeking an entry level position with a respected to polish the skills i gained while pursuing my degree and to develop new ones. highlights excellent problem solving skills fast learner experience working as part of a team environment proficient in html css and javascript ability to see how the smaller parts fit into the bigger picture dependable detail oriented strong knowledge of multiple programming and scripting languages skills web development html xhtml css xml scripting languages javascript asp.net actionscript 3.0 php programming languages visual basic c# java applications adobe flash adobe photoshop adobe dreamweaver microsoft word microsoft powerpoint microsoft excel microsfot visual studio eclipse relevant experience while i have not yet had a chance to prove my skills on the job some of the accomplishments i made while pursing my degree include developed a fully functional database driven e-commerce website with php/mysql developed websites that utilized javascript flash asp.net and java applets for interactivity and animations developed an e-commerce site using a
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology manager professional information technology manager professional summary possesses an extensive background in information technology management along with a masters of science degree and multiple certifications. excels in planning implementing and evaluating the systems infrastructure and staffing necessary to execute complex initiatives and meet deadlines in dynamic fast-paced environments adept at overseeing and participating in the installation configuration maintenance and upgrade of networks hardware servers and peripherals. detail-oriented and decisive applies communication and leadership skills to interface effectively with all levels of an organization. expertise spans network engineering helpdesk administration software licensing disaster recovery backup/restore operations/project management strategic planning/analysis budgeting teambuilding/training vendor relations policy/procedure development quality assurance troubleshooting problem solving process improvement. experience 04/2013 to current information technology manager a bankruptcy trustee office handling chapter 13 and chapter 12 cases for the northern district of georgia manages application database/hardware systems used to track chapter 13 bankruptcy cases all office technologies information systems and anti-spam/anti-virus servers. evaluates recommends implements supports and troubleshoots hardware and software. maintains lan/wan infrastructure connectivity and security as well as lan user documentation. performs disaster recovery planning. administers licenses and service contracts schedules service visits from vendors and suppliers. defines documents assesses and updates it-related procedures as needed. creates and
__label__SALES sales professional summary talented sales professional summary talented construction manager with more than twenty years of success on various projects as an independent contractor. solid experience managing all levels of small to large scale projects. extensive experience in the preparation of complete cost estimation. accomplished in completing project on time at or under budget. strong leadership and relationship building skills by providing clear direction and explanation of plans and contract terms. meticulous work. proficient at juggling multiple tasks working under pressure and take pride in attention to detail. collaborate successfully with architects owners and construction staff to complete multi-million dollar projects. experience 01/2016 to current sales sell rifles pistols shotguns and their accessories. provide quality control for and federal required paperwork. provide excellent customer service by identifying customer and needs. provide maintenance services. competently install purchased accessories to customer firearms. 01/1992 to 01/2015 broadcast engineer / construction project manager reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction. completed tear-down of existing structures and prepared for new construction coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules. obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies. conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical issues.
__label__HEALTHCARE engineer summary work ethic engineer summary work ethic personal ownership responsibility adaptability ability to learn quickly and accurately positive attitude timeliness positive appearance and customer interactions. highlights microsoft office suite expert conceptual thinker self-motivated professional experience march 2015 to current engineer assisted customers with complaints. performed routine maintenance. troubleshot electronic parts of the building. recorded guest comments or complaints referring customers to managers as necessary. assisted guests with any special requests during their visits. contacted housekeeping or maintenance staff when guests reported problems. issued room keys and escort instructions to bellhops. prepared sheetrock metal and wood surfaces for painting. refinished household furniture such as desks chairs tables and bookcases. coordinated and completed ongoing routine painting of the exterior and interior of the properties. collaborated with electricians carpenters and mechanics to complete construction projects. completed basic plumbing electrical carpentry and hvac duties. operated compressors striping machines sandblasters and spray equipment. completed and updated all work orders records of service calls and work logs. covered floors before prepping priming and painting all surfaces. january 2012 to current handyman transfer tools parts equipment and supplies to and from work stations and other areas. disassemble broken or defective equipment to facilitate repair and reassemble equipment when repairs are
__label__BANKING banking summary high-energy manager banking summary high-energy manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. cultivates a culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns as well as contributing new ideas that drive growth. supervision and training client relations specialist computer-savvy multi tasking savvy sound judgment team management calm under pressure meticulous attention to detail experience banking august 2013 to current store manager august 2012 to november 2012 managed a team of 10. i opened a new store location and assisted in recruiting and training new staff. delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. developed the department s first incentive performance plan which motivated my team. this resulted in a 23 increase in sales. my team surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters. store manager february 2008 to june 2012 managed a team of 6. completed a series of training sessions to advance from assistant manager to store manager. directed and supervised employees engaged in sales inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts. initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 12 . addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints. education high school diploma 2010 federal way senior high school united states skills assistant manager
__label__ACCOUNTANT senior accountant summary 11 senior accountant summary 11 + years experience in the accounting profession. bachelors degree - in accounting and studying for cpa license. managed tax preparation and filing for 25 diverse companies such as sole proprietors corporations s-corps partnership non-profit organization in many different industries for 10 different states. results-oriented accountant skilled in regulatory reporting tax accounting operations with an e xtensive knowledge of accounting software and processes. highlights payroll tax 940 941 withholdingaccounting accounts payable receivable multi-state sales tax filing analytical reasoning account reconciliation expert general ledger accounting financial statement analysis strength in regulatory reporting adobe sage peachtree quick books ms office medlin tax slayer pro series lotus i ii iii proficient accomplishments accounting reviews conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate partnership and s corporation tax returns for fortune 500 consisting of 17 branches in 10 different states general ledger accounts maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory prepaid fixed assets accounts payable accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. streamlined accounting and billing activities improving efficiency productivity and profitability for accounting and tax firm. auditing extensive experience with financial statements audits reviews compilations and audits for governmental organizations. saved over 20 000 as a result of a worker
__label__HEALTHCARE senior analyst data quality senior analyst data quality governance professional background analyst versed in data analysis and reporting user acceptance testing as well as solving complex problems in high-pressure environments. excels at cultivating managing and leveraging relationships skill highlights microsoft access microsoft excel sas sql server manager cognos crystal reports business objects sql tableau server and desktop project management data analysis professional experience senior analyst data quality governance 04/2018 to current create policies and procedures for actuarial and analytics group monitor adherence to policies with scheduled reviews conduct training on quality and governance policies lead analyst for hipaa compliance create and analyze validation reports for health plan data lead discussions regarding data issues identified healthcare data analyst 04/2012 to current experience with process analysis and other analytic functions ability to interact effectively with different business units team members and external client at all levels creates ad hoc data analyses and reports as needed prepares monthly quarterly and annual reports of established clinical utilization and financial metrics for all health ministries and smarthealth proficient in computer and analytic tools such as sas sql and ms office excel and access performs medical and prescription drug claims analysis necessary to understand relative unit pricing across provider networks
__label__ACCOUNTANT accountant summary accomplished and accountant summary accomplished and results-oriented finance professional who consistently meets deadlines and increases department revenue. highly skilled at increasing productivity through detailed cost analysis. highlights microsoft office intermediate in all the microsoft office components excel word powerpoint outlook and access very familiar with macros v-look ups calculating formulas and manipulating reports as well as smart view running query reports and creating reports. sap peoplesoft navigate within resource one to retrieve financial reports and run queries financial modeling superior time management complex problem solving accomplishments led the development of a reconciliation system to increase productivity and efficiency. increased effectiveness by 25 through compliance enforcement and implementation of a new quality control system. experience accountant aug 2014 to current analyze federal and private documents including restricted and non-restricted grant contracts. create financial models and analysis for all accounts within our department. present monthly financial report to principal investigators to provide brief summary of their funding. increase productivity by fifteen percent within the department by analyzing all open po s. analyze and evaluate operation of financial systems prepare recommendations and documents to update fiscal services and other related policies and procedures with respect to operating systems. streamlined reconciliation process to a more accurate
__label__BANKING branch banker iii accomplishments branch banker iii accomplishments maximize sales volume. maintain visual presentation standards that are consistent with division philosophy and direction. demonstrate effective written and verbal communication skills. assist in recruiting training and developing sales associates. develop proficiency in all operational policies and procedures. manage time and prioritize tasks. customer service / sales ensure customer service is the #1 priority. effectively supervise the sales floor to ensure customer / associate awareness at all times. understand and create awareness of the factors to impact sales volume. leadership motivate and develop associates to meet goals / objectives. clearly delegate activities and follow-up on all direction. demonstrate teamwork with-in store and company. take initiative and use sound judgement. lead by example. personnel demonstrate professional image and conduct. follow specific divisional dress code policy. ensure that store staff is treated professionally courteously and respectfully. involve store staff in accomplishing store goals. take an active role in own development. communicate staff concerns to management. support all / management decisions. operations execute and follow-up on all operational policies procedures and directives. execute and follow-up inventory shrinkage improvement program. ensure accuracy in all paperwork. visual presentation maintain store appearance to reflect division standard. replenish merchandise on a timely basis.
__label__HEALTHCARE behavioral healthcare help line behavioral healthcare help line and psychiatric emergency team supervisor professional overview seasoned licensed clinical social worker dedicated to providing high quality compassionate and effective care in role of psychotherapist educator and manager. license lcs 18224 core qualifications clinical acumen multicuturally competent psychotherapist clinical supervision client-centered care quality care focused service oriented committed to personal and professional growth strength based management style program development design training quality review and process improvement rapport building contract criminal tort probate law familiarity education glendale college of law university of southern california master of social work graduated with honors california university northridge bachelor of arts psychology graduated with honors member of psi chi golden key national honor society tau alpha epsilon honor society accomplishments clinical established and operated private practice for 10 years documentation documentation influenced creation design and reporting fields of patient charting system created implemented system of documentation that resulted in 95 quality assurance scores for several consecutive years quality standardized chart documentation developed telephonic documentation performance indicators training wrote training manual and organized resource material developed curriculum taught and modeled desired skill/outcome provided electronic medical record navigation and documentation training marketing increased referrals via physician liaison program elder law attorneys primary care
__label__INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY information technology specialist career information technology specialist career overview temporary/permanent service representative profile professional and personable in relating to customer and coworkers over 10 years experience in customer relations excellent verbal and written communication skills. dependable responsible contributor committed to excellence and success. efficient problem solver with excellent decision-making organizational and interpersonal skills able to effectively communicate with customers of all socioeconomic levels. knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services including customer needs assessment meeting quality standards for services and evaluation of customer satisfaction. analytical thinker relentless researcher and an experienced problem solver. adaptable and able to work under pressure and remain productive in a fast-paced environment. trained team members ability to take charge with little to no guidance excelled as a leader when in charge trained in management procedures analyzing data and the principle of business communication excellent interpersonal and social skills experienced in successful team collaboration to achieve goals effective oral communications using a phone individual group training facilitating presentations efficient written communications utilizing report writings developing presentations through emails and policies procedures customer service ability to resolve problems in a timely manner professional and personable in relating with clients and coworkers ability to remain calm patient and
__label__APPAREL passenger service agent career passenger service agent career overview customer support professional offering versatile communication skills. proficiency in sales problem resolution ticketing experience and strong client management experience. positive individual who readily adapts to change works superbly independently and with others is experienced overseeing a team and exceeds expectations. able to juggle multiple priorities and perform in fast settings without compromising quality of service. core strengths excellent communication skills. highly skilled in interacting with clients and achieving customer satisfaction as well as product sales. extensive knowledge of current airport security rules and regulations. highly trained to work autonomously. expert knowledge of airline softwares like amadeus altea gaetan oscar and some deltamatic. excelent knowledge of computers and technology. creative problem solving courteous and professional demeanor energetic work attitude native speaker of spanish and english highly proficient is spoken french accomplishments i have received training and direction from many companies and from many supervisors that i am able to put to use in everyday situations to achieve a successful experience whether it be a business transaction or a simple encounter. work experience passenger service agent 04/2010 to current i am a lead agent on departure and arrivals of our flights i am a highly skilled lead
__label__HEALTHCARE medical support assistant professional medical support assistant professional summary detail-oriented and disciplined team player seeking a new role in a supervisor position. has 15+ years of experience in military healthcare to include 8+ years in management. result-oriented personnel with specialized training and significant hands-on practical experience in a hospital setting. proven ability to manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously proactively resolve issues and excel in fast-paced high-pressure settings. key qualifications secret security clearance clinical management leadership communication skills operations personnel supervision/training team building networking accountability data reporting tracking/analysis critical thinking patient/physician relations budgeting record maintenance data administration time management risk management education and training september 2016 bachelor of science health care administration kaplan university health care administration may 2015 associate of science health science kaplan university health science november 2014 emergency medical technician - basic national registry of emergency medical technician professional experience 07/2015 to current medical support assistant in charge of processing inpatient and outpatient specialty consults and referrals through computerized patient record system cprs along with processing authorizations through fee basis claims system fbcs and scheduling veterans through vista appointment manager. pulls reports daily of specialty consults sorting consults on spreadsheet to ensure proper data tracking appointment tracking and making follow-ups. works closely with
__label__ADVOCATE child advocate manager summary child advocate manager summary to apply creative problem solving and management skills with a growing company. to manage people and interface with customers while using my skill in the best possible way to achieve organizational goals. highlights active listening time management service orientation critical thinking reading comprehension systems analysis instructing judgment and decision making accomplishments established and executed marketing ideas for internal customers. this program resulted in consistent service higher levels of service and improved relationships with other events. developed forms and procedures designed to streamline administrative programs. selected to participate as the lead coach on task force that instructed various grades between 2nd and 5th grade. also guided a combined classroom of 9th and 12th graders to educate on sports and life skills. experience 01/2015 to current child advocate manager evaluate personal characteristics and home conditions of foster home or adoption applicants serve as liaisons between students homes schools family services child guidance clinics courts protective services doctors and other contacts to help children who face problems such as disabilities abuse or poverty. maintain case history records and prepare reports. counsel parents with child rearing problems interviewing the child and family to determine whether further action is required. address
__label__CONSULTANT consultant profile results driven consultant profile results driven and team oriented reservoir engineer with extensive experience in reservoir management enhanced oil recovery reserve evaluation integrated reservoir modeling compositional simulation economic analysis geomechanics and project management looking to utilize his diverse analytical and research skills in a challenging role. fluent in english and french. has experience working with professionals of different technical and cultural backgrounds. skills pressure and rate transient analyses decline curve analysis fekete harmony volumetrics and material balance economic analysis aries knowledge in sec reserves estimation concepts project management reservoir management history-matching and production forecast compositional and black oil simulation enhance oil recovery waterflooding co2 injection wag and polymer flood . knowledgeable in unconventional resourse evaluation and modeling of fractured systems. good understanding of reservoir geology and depositional system fundamentals geochemical modeling reservoir geomechanics good understanding of log and core analyses accomplishments strategic development contributed in negotiations between operators and co2 suppliers to evaluate the technical and economic viability of co2 enhanced recovery in three illinois basin oil fields. this will result to potential increase in profit oil by about half a million barrels. project management by being the principal investigator for a us department of energy project my employer gained an award
__label__CONSULTANT consultant career overview more consultant career overview more than 6 years of experience in manufacturing distributions environments including 4 years in oracle manufacturing and distributions applications. implemented 5 full cycle oracle implementation projects experienced in customizing developing and configuring oracle applications in the modules of supply chain and manufacturing. implemented oracle edi for the sales order entry and warehouse operations for the customer and designed custom interfaces for plm tools to communicate with oracle item master. experience in requirements gathering gap analysis business process redesign and mapping testing and user training documentation of activities processes test scripts and client interaction. sound communication skills result oriented open to learning new technologies experience in working under pressure and in fast pace as a team leader and as a team player. well - traveled and posses a clear and definitive understanding of the regional business ethics culture and decorum so as to maintain a harmonious balance. skills applications r12 and 11i modules inventory inv bill of materials bom work in process wip engineering eng order management om purchasing po oracle edi gateway shipping execution system administration material requirement planning mrp iprocurement quality qa approval management ame oracle endeca. tools/language toad data load visio sql sql developer ms
__label__SALES sales representative profile accomplished sales representative profile accomplished and energetic sales representative with a solid history of achievement in retail. motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities. core qualifications fluent in spanish enthusiasm team player organized cash handling accuracy organized time management detail-oriented excellent multi-tasker customer- and service-oriented reliable and punctual enthusiasm professional experience sales representative 12/2014 11/2016 confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services take or enter orders cancel accounts or obtain details of complaints. keep records of customer interactions or transactions recording details of inquiries complaints or comments as well as actions taken. review insurance policy terms to determine whether a particular loss is covered by insurance. determine charges for services requested collect deposits or payments or arrange for billing. resolve customers service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise refunding money or adjusting bills. complete contract forms prepare change of address records or issue service discontinuance orders using computers. solicit sales of new or additional services or products. sales representative 09/2013 05/2014 confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services take or enter orders cancel accounts or obtain details of complaints. keep
__label__SALES sales professional summary experienced sales professional summary experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology executive and business audiences. analyst with extensive experience in microsoft office . proficiencies include microsoft word and microsoft outlook . can effectively multitask in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines. i m self-motivated i work well independently and need little supervision. core qualifications excellent comprehension and retention skills can work with short deadlines and under pressure offering a fresh perspective on customer service needs. computer and technical literacy strong organization skills the ability to plan ahead and always do a thorough job. articulate and persuasive to present my ideas to the public expert in creative problem solving education and professional placement customer needs assessment experience with appointment scheduling contract negotiation/review/drafting change management advertising business development marketing multi-task management project management sales statement billings weekly payroll experience sales 02/2016 to 04/2016 - sales of firearms and accessories. developed tool to track and monitor personal sales opportunities deals in progress and finished contracts. responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-building expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers. took daily inbound calls and key-entered orders faxes backorders and credit memos for assigned
__label__TEACHER substitute teacher summary administrative substitute teacher summary administrative assistant with 16+ years experience working with corporations law firms and large and small businesses in all aspects of business development and support. seeking a professional administrative position in a dynamic professional educational or corporate environment. excellent written and oral communication skills. highlights proficient in microsoft office excellent internet research skills detailed and accurate transcription abilities public speaking and leadership skills professional image effective decision maker requires little or no training independent worker and team member self-motivating creative and positive experience with social media sites and maintenance accomplishments set department standards by exceeding daily goals. trained new team members on how to reach their full potential and expectations. experience 12/2016 substitute teacher travel from various middle schools and high schools within the district substituting for absent teachers. tasks include implementing teacher instructions taking attendance handling emergencies and keeping order while maintaining a productive classroom environment. 02/2008 to 02/2015 media specialist / quality assurance specialist researched and wrote job advertisements for employers. also acted as a quality assurance specialist screening calls taken by our call center representatives and composing detailed reports and reporting infractions. 02/2007 to 02/2008 administrative assistant assisted my father with his life insurance business
__label__DESIGNER graphic designer summary enthusiastic graphic designer summary enthusiastic student majoring in chemistry great at performing many task in a timely matter and as efficient as possible. strong background in computer tasks and data analysis as well as business management. highlights general chemistry and organic basic html coding microsoft office 3d chemistry laboratories including synthesis animation database analysis. purification and extraction. inventory management and sales/profit ir spectroscopy as well as analyzing nmr analysis using sql server and various pos and mass spec. data. software. graphic designing using photoshop and illustrator. experience graphic designer august 2009 to march 2013 - in charge of advertising and designing and publishing point of sale materials. general manager august 2009 to august 2011 - installing pos systems computer networking fuel inventory management and payroll management. general manager march 2006 to october 2014 - team/ scheduling/ payroll management. accomplishments eight year in business management in which i managed to lower the cost of good and increase sales and profit. in charge of sales operations such as ordering inventory and customer service. education chemistry 2015 el camino college - gpa recipient of edison international green job scholarship. member of the el camino chemistry club. member of the mesa mathematics engineering science achievement
__label__ENGINEERING qa engineering team lead qa engineering team lead career overview eight years of progressive technical experience in quality assurance engineering of computer software in windows environment strong practical and theoretical knowledge of software quality assurance tools and techniques. proven ability to develop system test strategy and methodology full-scale system integration and testing for quality reliability functionality and computability. expertise in development of ieee compliant testing documentation key contributor to software development teams supporting the release of many new products and release of several major upgrades to existing products experience in testing large and complex client/server database applications multi-platform product delivery experience on pc system. experienced with windows graphical products networking and/or data acquisition software experienced in manual and automated testing working on projects of a diverse scope able to expertise judgment within defined parameters. strong knowledge in automated and manual black box testing including acceptance functional regression stress compatibility and integration testing techniques bug reporting and error handling. responsibilities include review software requirement and functional specification documents participation in code walk-trough and assist in design and development of test plan and procedures to secure a position that will allow me to exercise skills obtained through education and prior work experiences. qualifications analytical and problem
__label__DESIGNER website designer summary software website designer summary software developer well-versed in the entire workflow for developing and implementing websites including consulting with the customer designing mock-ups programming the site and incorporating customer feedback. skills visual studio.net asp asp.net mvc 4.0 visual basic.net c# microsoft sql server sql stored procedures tfs team foundation server html5 css3 javascript jquery angularjs linq php mysql adobe design suite agile software development methodology accomplishments jch digital designs portfolio which lists a number of client sites http //www.cocs.com/jchdesigns/portfolio.htm. experience website designer 12/2016 to current currently working as a freelancer to redesign websites for my own clients and customers. the process involved working with the client during all stages of development . discussed requirements documentation and business needs regarding the design of the site. created mockups to get client approval before starting the coding. worked with the client throughout the testing stages to make sure they were happy. delivered the final website within the client s budget and the quoted timeframe. used c# asp.net html5 css3 javascript jquery mysql adobe design suite. senior software developer 07/2016 to 11/2016 contracted to fiserv and assigned to the velocity loan software migration project which involved upgrading credit union clients from version 2 to 3.
__label__CONSULTANT consultant professional summary astute consultant professional summary astute and innovative attorney with strong ability to develop and implement effective litigation case strategies and write persuasive motions. proven ability to resolve complex cases in clients favor. meticulous conscientious tenacious organized analytical and able to thrive in dynamic environments. skills court procedures legal document preparation strong researcher strong negotiator organization communication leadership team player litigation management detailed-oriented due dilligence deposition motion practice regulatory compliance risk management strong writer civil litigation quality assurance professional and personable analytical work history consultant 06/2014 to current serve as consultant attorney to major virgin islands law firm that represents individuals classes and organizations in plaintiff-side civil litigation involving areas of contracts commercial transactions trusts bankruptcy personal injury and discrimination on the basis of race national origin sex disability and age. conduct legal research in complex litigation matters. draft pleadings oppositions to motion to dismiss summary judgment daubert motions and appellate briefs. conduct discovery. interpret laws rulings and regulations for individuals and businesses. special assistant corporation counsel 03/2011 to 05/2014 served as special assistant corporation counsel in the special federal litigation division a specialized division created to defend the and its officials in civil rights cases brought exclusively in federal courts pursuant
__label__HEALTHCARE i healthcare marketing specialist i healthcare marketing specialist professional summary an innovative customer-oriented healthcare administrator with a background in primary care and experience supporting a team of physicians in a busy medical office. expertise includes verifying insurance coverage records reviews marketing and schedule maintenance. searching for a leadership role in a team oriented company. education healthcare administration pennsylvania college of health sciences 2017 coursework in epidemiology coursework in statistics coursework in health care policy planning coursework in ethical issues in health care high school diploma northeastern high school 2010 recipient of the york alumnae chapter of delta sigma theta academic award scholarship assistant editor of the literary art magazine president of diversity club member of cure finders club presidential classroom alumna core qualifications superb communication skills excellent interpersonal skills conflict resolution skills customer and personal service medical terminology event planning and coordination budgeting and financial management microsoft office suite multitasking problem-solving self-starter accomplished leader knowledgeof medicare medicaid eeoc hippa fmla ada management marketing experience efficient under pressure cultural awareness and sensitivity strong work ethic team player with positive attitude writing and grammar knowledge detailed oriented strong analytic skills deadline-driven professional experience healthcare marketing specialist / aug 2017 to current analyzed performance of marketing program
__label__SALES sales summary to obtain sales summary to obtain a challenging position with an organization that offers the opportunity for professional growth and where i can contribute my knowledge and skills to benefit your company. experience sales april 2013 to december 2014 greet customers in a prompt and professional manner. this may be in the showroom outside on the lot or in the service or parts departments. all customers regardless of their reason for being at the dealership will be greeted and directed to the proper department or staff member. assist customers by helping them find a vehicle test drive and demonstrate the features and benefits of vehicles. answer the questions of the customers and assist them in every aspect of buying an automobile. negotiate price terms and conditions and follow the direction of the sales manager on duty. escort customers throughout the sales process according to automobile sales system that is in place at the dealership. make follow up calls to past or potential customers. ask for referrals and repeat business. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific products and services. quoted prices credit terms and other bid specifications.negotiated prices terms of sales and service agreements.
__label__ENGINEERING software engineering manager summary software engineering manager summary experienced software engineer and hands-on engineering manager with 20+ years of product development experience in broadcast media and 10+ years of experience in leading development teams 20+ engineers hiring 10+ offers 40+ interviews hr personnel procedures performance reviews and project transitions. professional experience september 2009 to current software engineering manager visual c++ windows stl oop mfc threads file maps atl ipc ftp tcp http xml json services web services rest api soa media formats and standards codec sdk and integration mpeg-dash api design and documentation. bcd spinoff as imagine in 2013 nexio video servers and applications facilitate collaborative workflow in nexio lan with video servers services and applications running in various nodes. media comes from proprietary san or generic storage off nas. development and team management nexio servers applications playout business unit relocated from il to ca took on larger role and video server applications as well. led team of 6 from burbank team of 8 from naperville and team of 8 indirect report from beijing. introduced peer reviews repurposed components and all 3 teams collaborated as one large team. adopted scrum since 2014 scrummaster team of 3 to 6 from burbank naperville office closed in
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS retail sales consultant summary retail sales consultant summary join a that allows me to add my knowledge values and professional experience to its staff in order to serve its customers while meeting and surpassing expectations and engaging in tasks that promote challenge accountability and both personal and collective improvement. willing to relocate. highlights word internet windows power point microsoft office and photoshop.- pc and mac platforms. experience 08/2014 retail sales consultant - 01/2011 to 01/2014 communications public relations csr manager - media community and strategic public relations.- corporate social responsibility. artist management. coordination and production of events.- social media accounts creation and management. photography and video production for social media channels managed crisis communications. established effective working relationships with clients government officials and media representatives. planned and publicized events including negotiating vendor contracts and designing promotional materials. press conferences media tours in-stores and special events. 01/2011 to 01/2012 communications public relations development manager - host of television program del campo a la mesa . production assistant. established effective working relationships with clients and media representatives. in charge of sponsorship and establishing commercial alliances. 01/2008 to 01/2011 communications public relations csr manager - in charge of all internal and external communications. spokesperson and ambassador. responsible
__label__PUBLIC-RELATIONS public relations officer/ vice-president public relations officer/ vice-president summary well-endowed in taking on leadership positions both inside my area of specialties and outside delight in and highly adaptive to changing environments of both work and pace. stemming from 4+ years of educational leadership and customer service i am well versed in communicating and working with others to in collaborative situation to find a solution to a problem but can also work confidently and efficiently independently. always looking to set higher academic professional and personal goals and work passionately towards achieving them. excellent customer service skills. able to answer questions and assist people in a friendly professional manner. anticipate customer s needs for a welcoming and customer-focused environment. excellent organizational and time management skills ability to prioritize and meet deadlines under pressure. unique ability to connect and communicate with diverse population. able to respond to customer inquiries and concerns by researching and identifying positive solutions excellent interpersonal and conflict resolution skills resulting in highly productive relationships able to accurately track transcribe store and maintain information in written or electronic form. adept at microsoft word excel and power point. experience january 2010 to january 2012 office staff which provides excellent customer. duties include managing multi-lined customer
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager professional business development manager professional summary experienced driven and successful sales professional recognized for consistently growing sales revenues and profitability. frequently selected by management to open new territories and rapidly develop sales pipelines through the use of innovative and imaginative sales and marketing programs that achieve maximum market exposure and penetration. parlays commitment to community and passionate for causes supported into strong networking and business alliances. proficiencies solution based sales key relationship management business development project management product knowledge territory management customer education training marketing brand positioning stakeholder engagement skills work history 09/2013 to 08/2014 business development manager provided leadership and drove sales for organization providing workforce solutions to aerospace defense engineering . government health care life sciences information technology and telecommunications industries. accomplishments consistently grew sales revenues and profitability extend coverage of indianapolis office to cover midwest region rapidly developed the sales pipelines with innovative and imaginative sales and marketing programs. 01/2012 to 01/2013 network solutions consultant provided sales and leadership expertise to various departments including mentoring junior sales staff enhancing organizational sales for organization catering to information technology industry in providing staffing solutions. accomplishments 01/2011 to 01/2012 relocation consultant served as recognized expert and solutions partner to clients of
__label__CONSULTANT consultant education and training consultant education and training 2016 mph george washington university bangladesh medical college university of dhaka mbbs 2003 community medicine microbiology pathology internal medicine psychiatry skill highlights microsoft word excel and power point professional experience october 2015 to november 2015 consultant identified growth monitoring and promotion gmp program implementation deficits and suggested recommendations for improvement reviewed available project documentation to locate potential program gaps conducted multiple field visits to four districts in southwest to observe and provide technical input to ongoing child nutrition activities with specific focus on gmp sessions located gaps in program participation and data reporting and monitoring presented research findings at multiple points in time to relevant stakeholders and program officials. january 2002 to may 2003 helped organize an initiative to prevent arsenicosis in jalla district of brahminbaria. dr. rahman helped create public awareness of arsenic poisoning encouraged people to drink arsenic free water to prevent arsenicosis and helped organize an arsenic-free water delivery system to meet the community needs in collaboration with community stakeholders. helped provide poor residents of jalla free medical resources. dr. rahman gathered and distributed medical supplies and provided physical examinations and consultations in collaboration with another physician. public health campaign volunteer september 1998-
__label__HEALTHCARE i healthcare marketing specialist i healthcare marketing specialist professional summary an innovative customer-oriented healthcare administrator with a background in primary care and experience supporting a team of physicians in a busy medical office. expertise includes verifying insurance coverage records reviews marketing and schedule maintenance. searching for a leadership role in a team oriented company. education bachelor of science healthcare administration pennsylvania college of health sciences 2017 coursework in epidemiology coursework in statistics coursework in health care policy planning coursework in ethical issues in health care high school diploma northeastern high school 2010 recipient of the york alumnae chapter of delta sigma theta academic award scholarship assistant editor of the literary art magazine president of diversity club member of cure finders club presidential classroom alumna core qualifications superb communication skills excellent interpersonal skills conflict resolution skills customer and personal service medical terminology event planning and coordination budgeting and financial management microsoft office suite multitasking problem-solving self-starter accomplished leader knowledge of medicare medicaid eeoc hippa fmla ada management marketing experience efficient under pressure cultural awareness and sensitivity strong work ethic team player with positive attitude writing and grammar knowledge detailed oriented strong analytic skills deadline-driven professional experience healthcare marketing specialist / jul 2017 to current analyzed
__label__AVIATION plant operator summary certified plant operator summary certified plant operator with 6 years in cryogenic air separation unit plant with proven ability to meet production deadlines. eleven years military training and a dedicated system operator versatile plant operator well-versed in monitoring and inspecting plant equipment. highlights maximizing productivity and profits quality assurance for product leadership/supervision professionalism dependable hardworking resourceful punctual honest attention to detail team player accomplishments operation of a 27 million air separation unit plant mechanical chemical engineertraining advanced oxygen/nitrogen training leadership training safety training recruit basic training tow tractor aircraft tow tractor equipment forklift cdl expired experience plant operator 06/2009 to 02/2015 monitored process units and quality control testing performance for plant processes and water quality sampling. operate and maintained filtration process units and water system control equipment. made sound and logical judgments regarding process changes. closely inspected equipment for any mechanical or safety issues. reviewed the daily computer log and reported any inaccuracies in the process. responded to and initiated proper corrections to process alarms. routinely drained unwanted fluids. coordinated ongoing maintenance and housekeeping of the plant. read automatic gages at proper intervals to determine flow rate of gas. recorded daily tank inventory. daily plant inspections. started up shut down and
__label__APPAREL lead maintenance mechanic summary lead maintenance mechanic summary lead maintenance mechanic with 7+ years experience specializing conveyor equipment sortation systems skills electrical maintenance skills including ac motors sensors and controls. mechanical skills focused primarily on the repair and maintaining of conveyor and sortation systems. specialized focus in working with crisplant s2000 series tilt tray sorters. strong communication both written and verbal. experience in basic facilities maintenance. experienced in spare parts inventory and ordering. basic understanding of ethernet networks and the tcp/ip protocol stack. proven track record of on the job skill advancement. experience lead maintenance mechanic 06/2016 to current in addition to previous duties as a maintenance mechanic supervised a team of four mechanics. provided onsite technical guidance and skill development to maintenance team. planned and executed the preventative maintenance program on various conveyor systems. coordinated with various levels of management across the distribution center with regards to equipment service and availability. oversaw and performed various facility maintenance duties. handled all parts purchasing and coordinated with vendors regarding lead times and availability. continued to work hands on with all equipment. served as primary point of contact for technical issues requiring outside vendor assistance. served as onsite it contact for issues regarding connectivity. implemented cctv
__label__BUSINESS-DEVELOPMENT business development manager professional business development manager professional summary high-energy manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. cultivates a culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns as well as contributing new ideas that drive growth. customer service representative who maintains a high level of professionalism patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty. core qualifications operations management complex problem solving staff training team building supervision and training costumer service skilled negotiator advertising computer-savvy social media marketing event planning purchasing top sales performer microsoft outlook microsoft excel microsoft powerpoint microsoft office microsoft word work experience 08/2015 business development manager cold and warm called 75 new and existing accounts per day. generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies. identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs. answered customer questions regarding products prices and availability. identified issues with existing marketing material to drive process improvements. generated new sales opportunities through direct and telephone selling and emails. 03/2015 to 08/2015 event manager worked quickly and efficiently with minimal oversight to accomplish assigned duties. managed payroll and time and
__label__CHEF executive chef summary i executive chef summary i bring with me culinary creativity strong leadership foundation and hard work. i have over twenty years experience in many fascists of the restaurant business that i bring with me. i would be an asset to anyones team. i m a very skilled and resourceful chef that leads by example. experience executive chef march 2012 to april 2015 regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes nutritional needs and budgetary considerations. interviewed and hired all back of the house employees systematically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes and observed color texture and garnishes. effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets catered events large sporting events and comedy shows. ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory purchasing and receiving. displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members. assisted in kitchen design. expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns and budget. quarterly menu testing of all staff consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners praise. executive chef january 2011 to february 2012 created menus for all outlets including breakfast lunch dinner and a bar menu. provided courteous and informative customer
__label__APPAREL customer service manager summary customer service manager summary pleasant and energetic office professional with excellent written and oral communication skills and knowledge of use of office systems technology including microsoft office word excel and powerpoint seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority while committed to delivering high quality results. skills microsoft office proficiency self-starter meticulous attention to detail as/400 professional and mature medical terminology resourceful proofreading dedicated team player understands grammar strong interpersonal skills business writing results-oriented mail management experience 10/2012 to current customer service manager promoted to closing key holder after 1 month of employment. received a merit raise for strong attention to detail exemplary customer service and team-player attitude. received a certificate of appreciation from tara hall home for boys in recognition of my service and support through family services. received a certificate from howard adult center for completing a continuing education introductory course in computers. received a merit raise and certificate for meeting store inventory goals with a variance of +1.02 . overnight winner of the walmart employee of the month award september 2010. promoted to customer service manager upon demonstrating exemplary customer service and leadership skills october 2012. provide customer service by acknowledging the customer identifying customer needs assisting
__label__BANKING project manager and technical project manager and technical implementation career overview contribute my knowledge to the institution willing to learn new skills and take on new challenges in it. ensuring commitment efficiency and quality in the roles assigned to contribute to the achievement of strategic objectives outlined by the institution. systems architect with expertise in requirement gathering and analysis architectural component and interface design and development for as/400 applications in multiples domains. qualifications as/400 administrator excellent problem solving abilities project manager web application security as/400 setting goals and objectives qa tools enterprise technologies system upgrade/migration/back up management and teamwork data backup and retrieval as/400 prioritization tasks clear quest / sharepoint product template rpgle/ile technical specifications creations cobol/400 strong knowledge of itil. cl/400 integration across ipc incident problem change management utility query and sql aldom/acces adaptation model ethical management analyst programmer well tracking management development of departmental budgets coaching and effective delegation of tasks. excellent communication skills decision-making and conflict. manage multiple tasks simultaneous ability to perform hands on work team. management of meeting and time production. technical skills skills experience total years last used it project manager analyst as/400 administrator 13 2016 accomplishments -implementation core banking as/400 fiserv -upgrade core banking work experience project
__label__CONSULTANT jewelry consultant summary as jewelry consultant summary as you will see on my resume i have the required experience education and training you seek in a candidate. in addition i am a military spouse and have a vast understanding of government regulations policies and procedures. i am very competent in managing an organizations financial resources and feel i would be an excellent addition to your company. i would like to thank you for considering my application. i am very excited at the prospect of working for your team. i am available to meet with you at your earliest convenience to discuss the position and my resume. you are welcome to contact me at excellent customer service administration organization and communications skills ability to multi-task meet deadlines work independently or on a team highlights microsoft office suite ability to accurately type 40 wpm experienced volunteer providing animal care at local shelters bathed groomed and temperament tested animals for adoptability experience jewelry consultant september 2014 to january 2015 greeted and provided front-line customer service to patrons assisted with product selection provided information and made recommendations. determined customer needs and prepared proposals/products to complete sales. marketed services and bundled packages met and/or exceeded corporate sales. assembled displays
__label__HR hr assistant professional profile hr assistant professional profile skilled program coordinator bringing extensive background in technology and business process. organized resourceful and detail-oriented with exceptional planning and decision-making abilities. qualifications human resources understanding scheduling proficiency market research proficiency report generation critical thinking eye for detail self-directed nature analytical problem solving contracts social media and networks microsoft office suite powerpoint exceptional telephone etiquette patient and diligent relevant experience coordinated all department functions for team of 120+ employees. planned and executed all aspects of a major office headquarter move. increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols.successfully planned and executed corporate meetings lunches and special events for groups of 100+ employees. experience 01/2014 to 09/2015 hr assistant - pay for registration and conference fees with purchasing card reconcile purchasing card every 2 weeks to assure there are no taxes or additional charges fill out verification of employment paperwork as it comes in assess needs of the office and order any supplies that may be needed assist office manager with monthly budget onboarding/organizing training of new employees trained on all av equipment in 9 conference rooms back up office manager when she s out of office train new employees/students on front desk
__label__APPAREL account manager/business development experience account manager/business development experience account manager/business development 07/2018 to 07/2019 responsible for simplifying diagnostics and improving global health by providing advanced and supporting advanced health care solutions. identify select and develop distributors and end-users qualified to successfully represent ctk product both domestically and internationally. collaborate with current customers to develop new business and/or to expand existing businesses within the assigned region. negotiate pricing agreements that balance the needs of the organization with the needs of the customer as well as monitor and analyze data and market conditions to identify competitive advantages for new and current customers. conduct market tours meeting with end users and distributors to collect market feedback conduct business planning make product presentations troubleshoot and train distributor sales staff. representation of ctk products at international trade shows in europe and latin america. engage in opportunities and propose effective strategies by performing cost-benefit analysis for positioning ctk products within each market. outline and record the market environment and business potential related to ctk products. manage distributor quotas and purchase levels of assigned accounts to ensure achievement of assigned ctk sales targets. ranked as the #1 account executive that finished quarter 2 with a 4 increase for the year. reach
__label__APPAREL freelance production manager - freelance production manager - men s women s wovens/knits summary creative development and production manager with a strong background in men s and women s wovens denim knits and graphics. passion to expand upon current skill sets and areas of expertise. sets and maintains high personal and professional standards. creative strategic thinker strong ability to quickly identify analyze and resolve challenges to achieve the most effective outcome. highlights fabric and trim vendor relations strong cost negotiation skills superior communication skills webpdm and plm extensive print knowledge wash development apparel construction experienced in traveling to asia factories experience freelance production manager - men s women s wovens/knits july 2015 to current daily overseas communication with multiple factories regarding status of fit pp and top samples bulk production issues/deliveries and business strategies. negotiated costing on factory level as well as at customer level to achieve imu goals for as well as customer. sourced styles with various factories and costed garments before sales meetings suggested changes to lower costs. daily maintenance of data and reports for production matters and provide weekly wip reports to customers. aided in arranging shipments of bulk production based off of factory capability delivery slides customers ship windows and
__label__SALES sales summary self-motivated individual sales summary self-motivated individual offering a strong work ethic and determination to complete tasks in a timely manner. accurate and detail-oriented with extensive bookkeeping and clerical knowledge. highlights accounts receivable professional effective time management knowledge of sap excellent managerial techniques expert in customer relations adp sap microsoft word excel outlook quickbooks accomplishments reduced the open invoice cycle time from 90 days to 10 days by developing new dispute reporting procedures. experience 04/2016 to current sales sold auto home renters motorcycle policies cross selling to current and new customers. followed up with current and old customers to ensure happy with services. 01/2015 to 03/2016 service admin/bookeeper rush enterprises match and coded all paperwork and invoices for departments. assisted managers with hiring procedures screening of candidates coordinating interviews. assisted with all new hire paperwork such as benefit packages and i9 forms. ordered all parts and delivered them as well handled all month end year end closing audits. responsible for the continuing education training and certification of new and experienced employees filed all invoices and paperwork as needed. processed all peterbilt cummins warranty claims handled all paccar roadside invoices. reconciled vendor statements and checked for accuracy. assisted with month end close. filed daily
__label__FINANCE manager of finance summary manager of finance summary experienced certified public accountant cpa with extensive financial and audit experience. i have a proven track record to improve monthly financial close processes analyze financial results for areas of opportunity and audit financial activities to identify potential financial misstatements and internal control weaknesses. strengths include financial analysis reporting financial management budget preparation management revenue management highly organized detail-oriented strong interpersonal skills experience manager of finance january 2016 to current prepare and manage an annual operating budget of 55 million gross revenue and annual capital budget of 500 000. oversee financial operations for annual expenses totaling 45 million. oversee the daily billing and collection activities with 9 employees for annual patient days of 250 000. prepare and consolidate hospice monthly financial results and input into the lawson general ledger system for consolidation with the financial results of the trihealth organization. analyze financial operations to identify opportunities to increase revenue and reduce cost. provide financial updates to senior management hospice board of trustees and the hospice finance committee. provide financial guidance leadership to 10 individual unit managers. business director ii january 2010 to january 2015 prepared and managed annual operating budget of 161 million gross revenue and 226
__label__CONSTRUCTION senior resident inspector summary senior resident inspector summary dependable and hard-working senior transportation construction inspector with more than 20 years of experience in the transportation construction industry. thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly and efficiently. highlights exceptional problem solver organized and detail-oriented advanced critical thinking strong communication skills ms office proficient proficient in e-builder software superb management skills project budgeting cost control project management residential construction specialist building construction trades certificate operational analysis erosion and sedimentation control technical plan execution concrete estimation accurate measurements and estimates structural and architectural pre-cast concrete blueprint reading baseline schedules creation building codes and regulations demolition accomplishments managed projects ranging from 38 - 945 million dollars while supervising my team and meeting deadlines of an aggressive schedule due to the mile stones set by the government. experience senior resident inspector march 2014 to june 2014 i implemented erosion control measures at the onset of the road relocation project at the mount airy airport. i oversaw installation of silt fences check dams and basins as per plans and specifications. i verified integrity of devices after rain event and met all project contract specifications. senior inspector june 2013 to february 2014 i managed the erosion control
__label__ADVOCATE customer service advocate summary customer service advocate summary highly-motivated coaching and analytical health insurance leader. experience customer service advocate mar 2016 patient cetner medical home dedicate representative working 0-2 fcr case report coaching new and seasoned reps on casework and taking calls. coach and assist new customer service representatives helps train and inform departments regarding pcmh missionary pastor/church planter jun 2016 assist living river chapel in church revitalization develop and teach discipleship curriculum on a weekly basis preach 45 minute lecture and interactive lessons on a weekly basis started a non-for-profit organization called the sparrows provides teaching on manhood womanhood marriage parenting roasts and sells coffee for non-for-profit organizations retreat center customer service specialist contractor sep 2014 to mar 2016 creates and maintains databases tracking and trending first contact resolution. analyzes and evaluates customer service representative phone calls. contributes ideas and plans for providing exceptional customer service models exceptional customer service skills and appropriate diagnostic sales techniques. contributes ideas and offered constructive feedback at weekly sales and training meetings. evaluates the accuracy and quality of data entered into the agency management system. follows up with customers on unresolved issues. outreach pastor aug 2014 to mar 2016 leads a team of paid staff and volunteers
__label__ENGINEERING engineering manager summary to engineering manager summary to design develop and manage products in the field of consumer electronics devices networking protocols internet applications and connected devices. vision to create personalized experiences based on machine learning. highlights linux unix rtoss - os 9 vxworks dos ms- windows socs related to media players and set tops --broadcom intel stmicro sigma design microprocessors/micro controllers -- arm mips 8088 8087 8031 8051 digital and analog hardware streaming playback live vod hls mp4 html5 mse. eme video tag mhp ocap blu-ray bd-j java security framework. xml c c++ visual c++ visual basic assembly java j2me cdc pbp jvm odbc david json rpc rest and soap. nasc linux containers - lxc control theory familiarity with machine learning techniques - logistic regression neural networks familiarity with machine learning packages tensorflow dl4j opencv familiarity with cuda and computer vision matlab octave complete life cycle development of products of mass deployments middleware applications device drivers hardware multimedia streaming and playback consumer electronics cable industrial and power plant automation. advanced knowledge of embedded systems interface design and implementation advanced knowledge of content protection systems architect consumer electronics products related to multimedia and networking. porting embedded web browser based systems. agile development process contributing
